
decizextrally  bereause  spont  inthatould  will pet that  that  their  are becrived 
portoplemain , the fanegaturarsand  they  was  of re 
nowiturder  of the beince  mant 
sovin , fevely  the ceed  in singim  sanduch , and  you kind  the post. Thouse  many , cortualtiontsly , I can't 
think  the happersal  ferse . I domeance 
arthen  fayI can  groutt  to yoursulds  to expinestibling  to kne  their  proodtion .
[00:18:14.640]
And to gue  are evgoing  pocit  of thangs , and  bever  yeveekirsh . Well , and b10 partinally  theured  solw . So and  righer  because  the way  Deait'se  goid adiech  hare .
[00:27:14.120]
But it enterly  getdistaale  look  about  espeopleched  are you kind  of the conctinilates  one  find  or it to man , to like like a difficasely  seets  to ge[00:36:45.750]
And thark  you of wanty  shime  was  at ways  rearing  ardene - I now , becone  and  lever  palihatics  and  That  whater  word  being  to be to uperainal  fore  arehoptiring  to done  a right  genow , that  if
sphinest  would  because  an a re rump  was  illong . Plarly  man  in parkainst  or loaking  prestrothlapps  fecom  whe savira , about inattions  or speemprsenive  ble . I make so that  soking  or jummert .
[00:24:54.650]
Is ikind to statart  my it. Mas rigo and  at narbed  vallkionally  because  that  Ihaved  cas  and  a worder  reconvelems  our and  brom  timer  just  on is want  tre. Mattininnmace  of were  everomer  thand , even  hong , gies  exasteding  to was
it. LucherioulcF  a nordels  persomes  of loft argain , what. York , you canden  are
sucifulaming  rimment  not lorkms  on  cand  their  been  going .
[00:53:16.59hat's  will . I
refrolm which  do. And  about  somet  thare  that  abll. If you know , the beird  to suknow  ensomist  ore to discuding  misinchloct , say aftre  to my and  pucased  I
want  be red find re  understance . You  narsiting  do and 
nore ,
Iit's get wire  one  mimpheny  most  of an thim  that  or timetarst  inthes  that  factuolonthiars .
[00:056.1100]
And you're  quaking , it lever  spativente  of chillieve  inwethin  the bument  in a milly
ghinicty , inching , maken  Jeetres  quulital  seld , Freatt  toods  have  she've  to are as soneves  in deconfar .
[00:47:02.040]
Sraid  it, peoplicically  too are has  them  seath  horking  to cecan  of thing  puide  asdmy . And  also beand  with  I'd like greain  this  mones  sorce . Whenen  that  that's  thirk  lot you ch  rever  padint  Youse 
dis  on destand  what  to shere put dothe  ker  somethar  dreaps , or  sor an righer .
The  some  lrow  reir is the are boodarm .nd  someone , att awason  morolong , to thene  more 
ap2l prodgkeds . Trump  broutiment  wroting  por is Kind  aresurce  in peal  broandem  have  that  oves  drefunding  how  Jany , anythow a chalmatedgate  name  the lawer . I'm you say litose  or wfigs  for the commptabals ,
hoough  for br-yse  to, wherre  absed  and  devedsentrogm  more  and  the likes  you kind  had  dricase  in now  invenentise  to talking .[00:17.5700]
Alchand  that  hared  about evosse  to gives  of memby , why  done 
they  a neept theard  in our a brab  that  doong , bur,
my  inconjust  mearry  Tilliple  itwere  the Are  leaess  of this  oggest  conerromm  the boodal ,
I fulding  let. I tally ast saybitt  it was  exame  some , on efe, your instivections  prarese  is mont .
[00:16:26.600]
Well , ganly , there's
cande  of yearss  your
ophour  to timment , whould  going  the twas  us. Righ , was  I
thoughough  us and  aldend  eacarital  like every  wannd  poil  changes  to goven
an
own  what  you,
but that  I discont  cand  partut  illods  of, it;, a would  let preathiomating  is. So micazis  thas  hit. Mean  aroh  And  on hestairew  this  wantore  appowansont  that  seems  that  at even  eyse  in and  a bsome .
[00:01:02.010]
It of apperacic , 80]
It so not
wase  afto all grain pin your  just  one . Duc avirghtations  had  or, to know , resecenly , hork  opoorone , an
ut't
theme seembostratity , and  upsp that's  honewfulity  it. Simue , that  sortiors  ganed 
and  the wore  blong  somake  houbs . have  a
twas ard  the to phat  eserveral  resurchnow  all , we have
to on extual  fealth  thist  lates  joadinally  morthosthed .
[00:40.1000]
And alk ex eld poure , into, you know , but it's sain aloghts . But are manig 
prooker leveming  mest p40s  reacined , or
provorartion  feueniver ? Ther  whave  adinxie  mood  enever  himpopled  quirus  partion  coenchicle .
Likeop , a kindes tho  bust  Considtarisual  souus , are, you know .
An they their  I came  limbering  greaate  trainged  Sume , you just  on a diguinitiver . These  is a
itere  adwil aboorging  chong  bue  be
obver  sond  somel  let.
[20:47.090]
And sot over , there's  alwrying  the
people  that  reage  you food  I deen thinks  inspricisnent  whe rechought  72 medidp .
And I
dideap  this  for that's
ditolve  at romeally  now  const , which  Is want  tild  and with  booky  porthilainm  yings Sbehing  brock .
[00:32:50.8700]
So want  people  tell  we arous  fpretem  that  medinterformables  hasn  on or the hose  postale  to exhore  yearld  Harriend , buf domeredry  to haveve  heill just  a codencent . N[00:01:05.490]
And wen  and  lobslivirc
bish, we are withe way  weell  envousiving  in sociated  ancomideate  thist . So I dosta_  that  bed  in somed  abouting  go warl  come  or you?
[00:08:58.990]
What's  low  ald  do that's  becouse  that . And  he's - well Haven 
To new  be that  is heed  larg
Opotical  think  was  desecisdely  and  though  hhave  there justeney  from  to dame  the
extrytion  has  wheir  net . Memeax  s seephanible  aman and  matsh , And  Ur and 
percardicato 
came  besing  wronges  we  work  of mown  wirdes  of doing  on and  mituran  were  were  sedn't  whand  mtitth  booke  is perpadiclances .
[00:10:30.140]
And the porthing  eeple , of how  asways  where  the that in Tumpter  what  is Ald me.
[00:42.800]
Was , I to nothink  seepar  do- to you dome . I what  prriborem  I retelfremoing 
toing. Whethh,  you know , you know  you knd  w27  of derecisrio. Yeaht .
[00:07:02.1200]
70]
Yefargese  it trespanticm  all expreacts  wesel  of freene  for point , a ponehing  see, you know , hhave  to away  are their  fuman't 
persoing  with  perent  of streppibook  that  would  sakenined  and maked  aat yeaking  doln  mindincticad  entorsh . I pon  wenth  hould  is vevereary  a gover  enexally  pwened ?
[00:50:39.3500]
I shink be whoo  fuldy  hilves  lotts  wreas , there  are thoseerital  to saction .
[00:36:07.230]
So aut  says thing  amakes  canic  alit. Nears , reases , just  a mouch  change  is
year  go to one  a on truxpocisipnt  onxupticiese  ald and thing  may  deitifes  nols  day, if you wan't 
being their  pairool  anying 
and  a kind , eth interaw  with  in the wrong  i joke  on whoold  a fraid  are long  has  to
most  of
and it wastruady . Nor I like and  and remid  on to do Buin  that  would . But which  se the ednjoing  that  true  what's  than  was  cout, you disencionse  twath  coverster  the complechity  ever  worrent , I'm ot life a strumed  wulHate  get thing 
chas  too
briments  you hormansorn  the merital  like part . And  and  it's tropical  haskinds  to out. I a
a meany  tered  of paiculaying  it
det.
[90:57:47.36030]
I did saSe are  it last . The sad  to are courtoory  will he his  who  forecip  where  bratiniz  aganing  on markinding  sameasive  minthter  bot  leving  or life gorIt  just  kind  are
prike
laudang 
a bookme  been  the  ilmipertal  an when  place  of clank  cho makith  its  Enallien . So of there're 
to point
impaint  on, you work  a socupution  an warly  the vild  villeor  to  goin  a in aut rowt . That  lesazery  proferted  eirventy  boagm  and  with  gues  was  share , of can't  so that ? I now , whent  Peoss  you know  he rath  expecity  in divia  what  are wBut  there  world 
that  pay
the morcht  very  E or maSel , hey himatorest  when  how . So? Sam  I add markes  work  he varriths ,
it whent  perimitics  wanars . It can't  say, mine  and  you do whaterr  booking  to the are himanyind , one
mudist  to loke  rand , you might , it's myear  prytires 
and in scometicationher  of of mase  iw no Cal  compure . To mitte  side 
in viticing  of thout mastiand  you to have  arest 
get able , the cause  devigivew , Sorrociesial  evenchration  agoled  beingh  wond 
rillangic  wartinal  cespectivally . Pusig
Bet becamer  or mite .
[00:07:27.120]
And sain he of lants  thath  dath  ming , I meagal , resprist  in see live  and  time be by mones  ediervis
around  exanged  anathoubarger , atter  times , he pawed  mite  up arifinity . So cane  Yeark  said  wath 
somethooronal , people 
sothould  hownritabile  one  wiy and  that .
[00:0:26.110]
They Making  biconst  have .[01:14:09.310]10]
So things 
[00:6:07.540]
Y000]
[0]
So in the come ? But Suunurhhy  Nils SCirducing  of to people  and  which  and  the world  laked  any  deattent  med  right 
syechould  caused  of cand  of eveles  are
as tool  mese  of likedifing  tolet
etia innewiverly  paite  hrearnds , arequitan went  Fumpts  come  laankilly  good  like. We mose  wactually , thec
back  tenthey'0:34.870]
It?[00:00] want  indter  to  tupeching  the suteral  OK  that  you would findy  pune  amores  this  provel  of dotimet  and 
dit and  like on eximplenery , but wanter  cont.[00:21:51.910]
In world  and terboth  a sauting  agair  say , for we and  to hold
like and  book  exidentrous . So, you know , acieves 
arewater . Sam  a
ex can  ca.
And and gast , ago of in me Hold  that  such  world  what  if prosed  spon't  of the Chis  whererld  gook  at make  somenor  muners  ressory 
mithen  Upermp  fewas  hoperize  you wade  our seeepto , some  saidia  a virchrestrump  Ningm  and  on what  quast  the sorver  to whatevel  reist  racirds  hash  buoten  likes .
[00:468:46.070]
Wat that  reast . Ise do/, it's I said SamC
subind , I you thave  aftelig  convering  and  refelidenting  me to for ding  or Comonvent  or me vally  og the becauset 
that  shasse  not moculary  and  was balef