[00:00:06.450]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the podcast . If
you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , there  you'll  find  our
private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only  content . And  as
always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the podcast , so if you can't 
afford  a subscription , there's  no option .
[00:00:37.650]
And Sam  Harris  dug  to request  a free  account . And  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No
questions  asked . I am here  with  Graham  Wood , Graham , thanks  for joining  me. My pleasure , Sam . So
where  am I reaching  you? I get the sense  you're  not at home . I'm usually  not at home , and  right  now 
I'm in Oslo , Norway , home  for me is the United  States  and  usually  I'm traveling  around . It's harder  than
it usually  is, but I have  family  over  here .
[00:01:06.610]
I got jailbreaking  from  the U.S.  and  made  it out.
[00:01:09.820]
Have  you been  traveling  throughout  covid  or have  you been  locked  down  for a period ?
[00:01:15.070]
This  has  been  the most  sedentary  period  of six months  or so in my life. So I've been  locked  down  with
the exception  of one  reporting  trip to Florida .
[00:01:24.850]
And you've  been  on the podcast  before . You  wrote  a great  book  on the Islamic  State , which  we
discussed  the way  of the strangers . So people  are encouraged  to listen  to that  if they  want  to get your
expertise  on all things  related  to jihad . But generally . Can  you summarize  your  focus  as a writer ? I
mean , you write  mainly  for the Atlantic  and  cover  really  interesting  stuff . What  sort  of things  are you
focused  on these  days ? These  days , I've been  not traveling  around  so much , so I've been  writing  a lot
of opinion  columns , I've been  writing  a fair bit on covid , usually  with  an international  focus .
[00:02:07.210]
But my bread  and  butter  is traveling  around  finding  things  that  are interesting , wherever  they  might  be,
and as you mentioned  for a few  years , the main  thing  that  I've been  writing  about  has  been  the Islamic
State  and  the development  of jihadism . So domestically , I think  I want  to focus  on all the ways  in
which  the United  States  has  begun  to resemble  a failing  state . You  obviously  know  what  it's like to be
in a failed  state  or to focus  on it.
[00:02:38.280]
But it seems  to me we're  dealing  with  trends  in public  opinion  and  disinformation  and  failures  of
sensemaking , a breakdown  of trust  in institutions , political  polarization , failures  of leadership  at a
level  that  I haven't  even  contemplated  in my lifetime . I don't  think  I mean , perhaps  I was  just  too young
to understand  how  bad  it was  at various  points  earlier  in my life. But this  just  seems  like an unraveling
that is fairly  disconcerting . You  know , I'm happy  to go wherever  you want  to go, but I thought  we could
talk through  what's  been  going  on with  social  protests  and  police  violence  and  the political 
ramifications  of what  happened  in Kenosha  and  Portland .
[00:03:25.350]
And actually , I know  I recall  that  the first  time  we met  was  around  this  topic  of violence . I actually  I got
into Brazilian  jujitsu  and  you wrote  a piece  in the Atlantic  on that . And  that's  how  you came  out. And  I
sort of introduced  you to my midlife  crisis  around  all things  jujitsu  and  self  defensive . So it's kind  of
full circle  for our conversation . But give  me your  general  sense  of what  we're  living  through  at the
moment  in the U.S. .
[00:03:56.070]Yeah , so like I mentioned , a lot of my reporting  has  been  going  overseas  to places  that  have  had  some
level  of social  breakdown , some  level  of political  breakdown . And  so, yeah , there  are some  aspects  of
that that  you definitely  see in the United  States . When  I think  of of societies  that  have  really  broken 
down , though , I think  of places  like Somalia , like Iraq , places  where  the government  just  has  ceased  to
exist . And  we don't  have  that .
[00:04:23.730]
We have  touches  of that . And  we have . A kind  of relative  breakdown  that  I think  is we experience  both
as an absolute  loss  of of standards  and  performance  of government , but also  a relative  loss  when  we
look  at other  countries  that  seem  to be doing  much  better  than  we are and  that , you know , we thought
we thought  we were  in their  league  or we were  they  were  not quite  in our league , but but below  us and 
somewhere  like, say, Vietnam  or Thailand .
[00:04:57.530]
It has  just  been  cleaning  our clock  when  it comes  to dealing  with  with  covid , so what  is breakdown 
look  like in another  place , the kind  of places  where  I would  have  been  sent  a couple  of years  ago , 10
years  ago , to report , I think  of places  like like Zimbabwe , where  the government  has  no longer  any
control  over  its currency . It can't  be trusted  to maintain  law and  order  because  it insists  on destroying 
any any kind  of any kind  of law and  order  that  might  exist .
[00:05:29.300]
So we see bits  of that  right  now . I mean , there  are cities  that  are pretty  much  acknowledged  to be no
longer  under  control  of the forces , law enforcement  or any other  kind  of discernible  powers  that  we
would  want  to have  a monopoly  on the use of legitimate  force . So there's  this  touches  of that . Now ,
what  I've found  in looking  at other  countries  is that  the really  dangerous  combination  is a place  like
Iraq where  at one  point  you have  total  control  by the government , way  too much  control , control  over 
the life and  death  of its citizens , say, during  the Saddam  Hussein  regime .
[00:06:11.390]
That's  replaced  by total  anarchy . So in the United  States , you see touches  of that , too. You  see the
government  arrogating  to itself  all sorts  of kinds  of of of power  that  you we shouldn't  really  be
comfortable  with . And  then  at the same  time , you see the total  breakdown  of law and  order  in certain 
pockets  of of of urban  America . So. I am, yeah , I'm terrified  to see that  combination  of both 
consolidation  of power  and  then  total  chaos .
[00:06:44.420]
It's it's a really  ugly  combination  to see. Yeah , I remember  I did a podcast  in the beginning  of April  with
Stanley  McChrystal  and  Chris  Fussell , his partner , forgive  me, Chris , I can't  recall  whether  you
pronounce  your  last  name , futsal  or Fusel  or some  other  variant  there . But anyway , I remember  having
this conversation  with  them  and  talking  about  the prospect  of a breakdown  in social  cohesion  under 
covid . And  I remember  I think  I actually  telegraphed  this  in the conversation , but if I didn't , I was 
certainly  thinking  it that  I was  worried  that  I was  being  a scaremonger  for even  just  hypothesizing  that
this was  possibly  on the menu  or worth  thinking  through .
[00:07:31.850]
Right . Just  that  things  could  fray  enough  so that  there  would  be violence  in the streets , that  our
political  partisanship  could  turn  violent . It really  did seem , you know , as recently  as the beginning  of
April , far fetched  to me. And  I just  felt like it was  worth  talking  about  because  it was  possible . But, you
know , if you'd  asked  me then , I certainly  didn't  feel  it was  likely . And  and  so now  I'm interested  to
consider  how  many  of us have  now  kind  of reset  our expectations .
[00:08:05.300]
And this  seems  like the new  normal  and  we're  not actually  entertaining  how  much  worse  things  could 
get. And  it would  seem  like scaremongering  to sincerely  entertain  that . But there  is a kind  of slide 
towards  something  unrecognizable , at least  in our lifetimes  here . Obviously , there  are comparisons 
with  the 60s  and  there  was  a, you know , a fair amount  of social  unrest  then . I don't  know  if you know ,
I'm sure  there  are many  decent  analogies  there  as well .[00:08:35.780]
But, you know , with  Trump  in the White  House  and  the prospect  of either  him  being  re-elected  or there
being , you know , real , a real  unwillingness  to accept  the results  of an election  that  goes  against  him , it
seems  like a very  risky  time  we're  in. And  the thing  that  is so disconcerting  for me just  on an hourly 
basis , is to see how  things  are distorted  in what  used  to be the most  reliable  sources  of news  for us
right  now .
[00:09:08.140]
I feel  like now  I can  count  on The  New  York  Times  to get crucial  things  wrong  with  respect  to what's 
happening  with  protests  and  police  violence  and  wrong  in a way  that  just  amplifies  political 
partisanship  and  hysteria  on the part  of people  who  actually  decide  to go in the streets , you know , and
certainly  hysteria  on social  media . And  so I feel  like there's  a kind  of a moral  panic  component  to a lot
of what's  going  on. And  there  are very  few  levelheaded  people  in the media  whose  inclination  is to
turn down  the temperature  on things .
[00:09:47.360]
The business  model  of media  is to be as shrill  and  sensational  as possible  so that  the partisans 
amplify  your  message . So, yeah , I just  there's  a way  in which  this  is a runaway  train , or at least  feels 
like one  that  worries  me and  for which  I really  don't  have  any. It just  seems  deeply  unfamiliar  to be
living  through .
[00:10:07.400]
Yeah , I think  there's  a definite  recalibration  that's  taking  place  within  media  and  a recalibration  that  as
citizens  we've  got to kind  of work  through  in our own  minds . You  know , we notice  things  that  we didn't
notice  before  about  stories  getting  covered  or not getting  covered . That  should  be. And , you know , I
would  still take  The  New  York  Times  over  my Facebook  feed , say, as a way  to understand  what's 
happening  in the United  States . That  said , you know .
[00:10:38.570]
It's it's been  tough  at the Atlantic , which  is where  I wrote  most  of the time , the magazine  has  endorsed
a candidate  in the last  election , it endorsed  Hillary  Clinton . Very  odd  thing  for the Atlantic  to do just 
because  we we don't  endorse  candidates  most  of the time , but to have  announced  ourselves  as as
having  been  on one  side , now  readers  have  to have  to take  that  into  account . And  it's just  our being 
honest . I mean , there  were  basically  nobody  at the magazine  who  was  in favor  of Donald  Trump .
[00:11:09.770]
And so it was  important  that  that  that  we come  right  out and  say that . And  so when  readers  read  us,
they  they  know  that  that's  where  our our origin  point  is going  to be in our opinions . That  said , we still
and I've been  told  by more  than  one  editor  that  if Donald  Trump  does  something  right , then  it's our
duty  to say so. So there  is still a standard  of truth  that  we're  working  toward . It's just  that  we're  in a
different  media  environment .
[00:11:40.940]
I would  also  hasten  to add  that  it's not just  media . I mean , there  are so many  other  sources  of of truth 
that we would  have  taken  for granted  in the past  that  we no longer  can . You  may  have  seen  Harold 
Varmus  co-wrote  an op ed in The  New  York  Times  know  just  in the last  couple  of days  this  the former 
head  of the NIH , when  the most  Nobel  Prize  winner  basically  said  don't  trust  the CDC . CDC  has  been 
politicized . So if you've  got Harold  Varmus  telling  you not trust  the CDC , then  you really  have  a
breakdown  in the sources  of medical  information .
[00:12:15.810]
You're  when  you need  to have  that  information  coming  through  loud  and  clear  with  the consensus  of
the best  medical  minds . Yeah .
[00:12:23.360]
Don't  trust  the CDC  in the middle  of a pandemic  when  you have  to decide  whether  to send  your  kids back  to school . It really  is unbelievable  we're  in this  situation . Well , let's  talk  a little  bit about  the
violence  we've  seen , because  this  is a place  where  I see everyone  left of center  seeming  to get
virtually  every  specific  claim  wrong . And , you know , I'm someone  who , as I think  you know , is more 
concerned  that  we not reelect  Donald  Trump  than  most  people .
[00:13:00.030]
I mean , certainly  I would  put my anti  Trump  bona  fides  up against  anybody  on the left or the center  or
among  the never  Trump  Republicans . But it is crazy  making  and  deeply  concerning  that  the left
seems  to the bar is nowhere  near  what  where  you put it at the Atlantic . Not  only  would  they  not
acknowledge  that  he gets  anything  right , but just  everything  is upside  down  in how  they  describe 
what's  happening  with  police  violence  and  social  protest . Many  NPR  just  published  a wonderful 
interview , which  I think  you noticed , informing  all of humanity  that  looting  was  essentially  a moral 
imperative  and  a great  form  of social  protest  because  small  business  owners  are really  no better  than
big business  owners  and  they  all deserve  to have  their  stuff  stolen .
[00:13:52.100]
And this  was  presented  on the NPR  website  without  any there  wasn't  a single  critical  question , if I
recall  correctly . It was  just  like this  is practically  NPR's  position  on looting . Yeah , it was .
[00:14:04.280]
That  was  shocking  to read . I've actually  subjected  myself  to the book . I've read  it cover  to cover  it by
now  and  have  reviewed  it for the Atlantic . How  nice  it is. If anything , it's more  radical  than  the NPR 
interview  would  have  you believe . The  NPR  interview  really  took  the title  of the book  as the jumping 
off point  in Defense  of Looting  by Vicki  Oster . While  the book  is actually  mostly  about  in defense  of
violence , so looting  is an afterthought .
[00:14:35.360]
I think  there  are whole  chapters  where  looting  isn't  mentioned  explicitly . What  it's really  trying  to argue
is that  America  is conceived  in sin, racial  sin, capitalists  and  you name  it, that  the system  that  we've 
inherited  in the present  is bad , screwed  up and  that  it must  be destroyed . So, you know , if if it sounds 
like the kind  of thing  that  would  destroy  our society , to just  have  people  smash  open  shops , take 
everything  in them  and  burn  them  down , then  that  is very  much  the point .
[00:15:07.370]
There's  a desire  on the part  of the author  to recreate  society  in what  I can  only  assume  is some  kind 
of she doesn't  say explicitly , but a Marxist  anarchist  revolution  that  is born  out of violence , wiping 
away  the old order . And  yes, the NPR  interview  that  introduced  this  book  to I think  most  of the people 
who  have  heard  about  it was  totally  uncritical . And  I will say this  for it. I think  that  NPR  did the right 
thing  by interviewing  this  writer , because  there  are a lot of people  who  have , if not explicitly  positive 
things  to say about  looting , think  that  looting  is a reasonable  response  to the injustices  of of
American  history  or the present  in the American  system .
[00:15:54.590]
And I think  that  those  people  need  to articulate  what  they  really  think . They  they  can't  just  get away 
with  saying , I don't  want  to criticize  the looters . No, I want  them  to to say I'm on the side  of the
Costabile  or say that  they  have  a different  view  of of of looting . But being  able  to be kind  of mealy 
mouthed  about  these  things  has  not worked  out very  well . And  it's allowed , for example , Donald 
Trump  to to conflate  the position  of, say, Joe  Biden  with  the position  of, say, someone  who  throws  a
brick  through  a window  and  steals  an iPad , which  is completely  unfair .
[00:16:32.360]
Making  sure  that  these  differences  are as sharp  as possible , I think  is one  of the things  that 
journalists  should  do. So inspired  they  started  to do that . Unfortunately , they  weren't  as critical  of as
they  could  have  been  of the author  when  when  they  had  her in their  clutches .
[00:16:49.160]
Yes. Joe  Biden  as of yesterday , I think  will release  this  a few  days  hence . But we're  recording  the dayafter  he gave  his speech  in Pittsburgh  and  the purpose  of which  was  to put some  daylight  between 
him and . The  caricature  of him  that  Donald  Trump  tried  to paint , aligning  him  with  the left and  the pro
chaos , pro looting , anti  capitalist , you know , far left, which  exists  and  is, you know , clearly  worth 
disavowing . I assume  you saw  that  speech .
[00:17:22.190]
I was  pleasantly  surprised  that  he took  the line that  he did. And  I thought  it was  pretty  effective . But
he does  still get enough  wrong  as part  of his talking  points  that  given  enough  time , he doesn't  do
himself  too many  favors  here . So like when  he talks  about  police  violence , virtually  everything  he says 
seems  to me to be pandering  to Black  Lives  Matter  in a way  that's  just  inaccurate . I should , you know ,
explain  why  I think  that .
[00:17:52.480]
But, you know , I think  he also  said  that  Kyle  Rittenhouse  was  a white  supremacist  at one  point , not in
his speech , but I think  on Twitter , I think , you know , his campaign  released  something  about  white 
supremacists  in a way  that  was  clearly  referencing  the Rittenhouse  shooting . I don't  think  there's  any
evidence  that  Rittenhouse  is a white  supremacist , is there ? I mean , obviously , things  can  change  by
the day. But the time  we're  having  this  conversation , do you know  of any evidence  that  suggests  that ?
[00:18:17.740]
No, unless  you think  that  a white  supremacist  is someone  who  believes  that  there  is such  a thing  as
private  property  that  should  be defended  by the state . And , you know , there  are such  people  who  are
so radical  that  they  would  say that  that  alone  will make  you a white  supremacist . But as far as I know .
All the reporting  about  Kyle  Rittenhouse  is social  media  suggests  that  he was  a big cop  enthusiast , a
big gun  enthusiast , and  if that  makes  you a white  supremacist , then  I guess  he's  a white  supremacist .
[00:18:44.960]
But I tend  to be more  restrictive  in my definition .
[00:18:48.080]
Yeah , well , I think  our sanity  depends  on our being  that  way . So let's  just  win this  all the way  back  to
the Jacob  Blake  shooting , which  was  the proximate  cause  of all of this  chaos . What  happened  there 
to my eye, again , you were  talking  at one  point  in time  and  you know , who  knows  what  facts  will come
out in subsequent  days  or weeks ? We might  learn  a lot about  the cops  there . We might  learn  that 
they're  all members  of the local  chapter  of the KKK .
[00:19:16.100]
And therefore , racism  could  have  been  a conscious  motive  on their  part . But when  I see a shooting 
like that  within  the frame  of that  video , the color  of everyone's  skin  is totally  irrelevant . I've seen 
videos  like that  where  white  people  are getting  shot . I've seen  videos  like that  where  black  people  are
getting  shot  by black  cops . And , you know , I've talked  at sufficient  length  about  the statistics  of all of
these  encounters  with  cops  and  applications  of violence , lethal  and  not and  justified .
[00:19:47.930]
And not to say that  the story  is not is certainly  not a clean  Black  Lives  Matter  story  of us having  an
epidemic  of racist  police  violence  against  young  black  men . That  is just  the statistics  don't  bear  that 
out. You  know , I would  just  say to our listeners , you have  to listen  to my two  hour  walk  through  this 
morass  titled  Can  We Step  Back  from  the Brink  or Can  We Pull  Back  from  the Brink ? One  of those , but
was when  I look  at a video  like this  and  I'd be interested  to know  if you see this  differently .
[00:20:22.550]
We clearly  see a person  who  has  been  resisting  arrest . I don't  know  to what  degree  he fought  with  the
cops  before  the video  starts  and  we see him  just  essentially  moving  away  from  the cops , you know ,
and their  guns  are already  drawn  at this  point . But I think  it's from  other  video . I think  it's pretty  clear 
that there  was  a kind  of a wrestling  match  happening  and  then  he broke  away . And  then  you have  fully
three  cops , if memory  serves  pursuing  him  around  his car and  he's , you know , now  opening  his door 
to either  get into  his car to drive  away  or reaching  into  the driver's  side  of the car for something  it'snot clear  from  the video .
[00:21:01.040]
And then  he gets  shot  seven  times  in the back . And  now  he is, I believe , still in some  terrible  state  and 
very likely  paralyzed . So I think  it seems  likely  he'll  survive  at this  point . And  this  encounter  gets 
summarized  virtually  everywhere  in mainstream  media  as this  is not a verbatim  quote , but this  is a
paraphrase  of virtually  every  summary  I've seen . You  know , yet another  black  man  shot  by white  cops 
or a black  man  shot  in the back  seven  times  in front  of his kids  by white  cops .
[00:21:39.290]
Right . You  know , and  it is just  it's an article  of faith  that  the skin  color  of all involved  is absolutely 
relevant  here  and  worth  emphasizing . And  it's also  an article  of faith  that  all of these  details  have 
some  moral  opprobrium  attached  to them , like it is assumed  the cop  could  never  be justified  in
shooting  someone  in the back  in an encounter  like this . Whereas  if you understand  how  violence 
evolves  and  you understand  that  we're  living  in a society  in the U.S.  where  every  police  officer  has  to
assume  that  everyone  they  are dealing  with  is either  potentially  armed  and  if they're  reaching  for
something  in their  car, they  are very  likely  reaching  for a gun .
[00:22:28.550]
I mean , this  is not the default  assumption  perhaps  in Western  Europe , but in the U.S.  it absolutely  has 
to be. Our failures  of, you know , gun  control  are relevant  here . But the idea  that  cops  are performing 
some  kind  of a lynching  by shooting  someone  in the back  because  he has  fought  them  off or ran
around  his car and  opened  the door  and  reached  in, that's  just  it's just  completely  untrue , given  a
cop's  eye view  of the world .
[00:22:56.930]
I think  that  the only  thing  I want  to say here , and  I'll turn  it over  to you, that  really  does  put the onus  on
the cops  is clearly  they  lacked  the training  or capacity  to control  him  physically  and  take  him  down  so
that they  wouldn't  have  to use lethal  force . Right . I mean , like cops  who  actually  could  restrain 
somebody  could  have  easily  restrained  him . And  he was  outnumbered . He was  walking  away  from 
them  in a way  that  allowed  for any cop  with  a modicum  of training  to take  him  down  and  hold  him 
down .
[00:23:29.870]
And the fact  that  they  couldn't  do that  suggests  that  there's  a serious  or. And  problem  and  training 
problem , you know , and  we know  this  is true , you know , nationwide , and  so that's  something  to be
worried  about  and  and  rectified . But I mean , even  their  people's  intuitions  about  what  cops  should  be
doing  should  be allowed  to do. All of this  is run off the rails  in mainstream  media . Maybe  it's a point 
of seemingly  absolute  consensus  that  cops  should  never  use, you know , a rear  neck  restraint ,
otherwise  known  as a rear  naked  choke , because  some  number  of people  have  died  under  those 
conditions  or seem  to have  died  under  those  conditions .
[00:24:07.600]
I think  in many  cases  that  that  was  not, in fact , their  cause  of death , whereas  a rear  naked  choke  is in
fact, if done  appropriately , a remarkably  safe  procedure  is done  in every  jujitsu  school  in the country 
every  day of the year . And  if it had  any high  rate  of lethality , you would  just  be seeing  people  die all
over  the country  all the time . And  jujitsu  training . And  this  is now  I think  it's illegal  in New  York  now 
and maybe  illegal  in other  states  for cops  to even  attempt  this .
[00:24:40.300]
What  you have  done  when  you remove  that  tool , you have  made  it far more  likely  that  cops  are going 
to have  to resort  to lethal  force  because  they  can't  is really  one  of the only  ways  to incapacitate 
someone  so that  you can  cuff  them  if you're  going  to rely on your  grappling  skills . And  so it's just 
everything  is upside  down  here . But again , I would  love  to know  if you disagree  with  anything  I said 
about  what  we can  glean  from  that  video .
[00:25:06.160]There's  a few  things  that  I see when  I watch  that  video , in addition  to just  being  horrified  at seeing  it,
seeing  violence  of any type  that  first  of all. So I think  you're  kind  of like me in that  you've  probably 
spent  a fair bit of time  watching  encounters  like this  on YouTube  or wherever  videos  of of police 
subduing , failing  to subdue  someone , police  doling  out violence  and  being  the victims  of it. And  I think
many  people  who  see that  scene , they  start  off being  rightfully  horrified  at having  witnessed  an act of
violence .
[00:25:42.340]
And then  they  don't  have  some  of the context  that  you might  have  if you've  gone  down  some  of those 
YouTube  rabbit  holes  and  watched  lots  of violence  like this  and  seen  how  this  kind  of thing  could  turn 
out in other  scenarios , how  that  does  turn  out in other  scenarios , like, you know , the fact  that  he's 
lunging  into  his car, who  knows  what  he's  lunging  for. Apparently , there's  a knife  there . It's not it's not
it's not a crime  to have  a knife  in your  car, as far as I know .
[00:26:10.360]
However , if you're  a cop  and  someone  grabs  a knife  and  you're  right  behind  him  and  that  person 
wants  to stab  you, you could  have  a gun . But I don't  think  the average  person  knows  whether  you
should  expect  to get stabbed . If someone  is four  feet  away  from  you, you have  a gun  and  they  have  a
knife . And  the answer  is almost  certainly  you're  going  to get stabbed . That's  what  you are are are
dealing  with . If you have  someone  who  wants  to stab  you and  you're  that  close , it's not unless  you get
one really  good  shot  right  in the head , it's very  likely  that  the person  is going  to get to you and  be on
top of you with  a knife , even  if you've  even  if you've  put around  in him  already .
[00:26:48.550]
So, yeah , I think  there's  there's  not a great  intuition  on the part  of the general  public  about  the kind  of
threat  that's  being  faced , about  the type  of mindset  that  you might  be in if you're  aware  of those 
threats  to. And  I think  to that  that's  that's  a problem  that  not just  with  with  police  training , not just  with
the poor  intuitions  of the general  public , but also  with  Kyle  Rittenhouse . You  know , if you are spending
a lot of time  thinking  about  guns , thinking  about  law enforcement , you were  going  to be aware  of
these  things  and  maybe  primed  to overreact  a bit, too, if if you're  your  politics  suggested .
[00:27:28.690]
The other  thing  in that  in that  video  and  what  you're  describing  is the the failure  to describe  it properly ,
properly . You  know , as a journalist , what  I tend  to do is I look  for incidents  that  turn  out to be more 
complicated  than  they  originally  appear . And  what  you're  describing  is the exact  opposite  of this . And 
people  seem  to like doing  that . Both  sides , liberals , conservatives , left, far right . You  find  a situation  of
of moral  complexity , of deep  ambiguity  like this .
[00:28:00.790]
And people  are not as interested  in what  I do is as in turning  it into  a black  and  white  morality  play . It
takes  takes  a lot of investigation  to find  out what's  actually  happening . Just  watching  a few  seconds 
of video  is not going  to tell you why  the cops  are there  in the first  place , what  the interaction  has  been 
like up until  the point  where  we see them  shoot  a guy seven  times  in the back . And  I'm not sure  we'll 
ever  know  that .
[00:28:28.510]
I mean , half  the people  I talked  to about  that  shooting  think  that  the guy. Right  on the scene , they're 
not aware  that  he's  still alive  right  now , so if they're  not aware  of that  detail  and  they're  unaware  pretty
much  every  aspect  of the context  of of that  shooting  and  it can  be used  for one  of these  binary 
political  purposes , either  to suggest  that  he's  a demon  or to suggest  that  the people  who  shot  them 
are.
[00:28:55.370]
Yeah , well , I want  to talk  about  the Kyle  Rittenhouse  episode , because  that  does  strike  me as more 
complex  and  interesting  in the end  and  has  pretty  wide  implications . But, yeah , just  to reiterate 
something  you said  there  about  the Jacob  Blake  shooting  and  what  it's like to have  seen  a lot of these
videos , I mean , what  you have  to know  is that  every  permutation  of this  kind  of encounter  has happened . So you can  find  video  again  with  the race  of everyone  swapped  in and  out.
[00:29:28.810]
Right . You  can  find  video  where  the guy reaches  into  his car, pulls  out a gun  and  shoots  the cop  in the
face  and  kills  him . Right . And  every  cop  knows  about  those  kinds  of encounters . Right . So it's just  you
have  to game  this  out more  fully  than  your  your  knee  jerk  reaction  may  admit , of which  is it is just 
awful  that  we're  living  in a society  where  cops  shoot  a guy in the back  in front  of his kids  with  an
apparent  intent  of killing  him .
[00:30:00.020]
Right . As a way  to pacify  him . I mean , how  did we get here ? This  is completely  insane  and 
unacceptable . But once  the wheels  begin  to come  off in an encounter  like this , there  are very  few 
options  open  to people  who  don't  have , you know , all the tools  that  might  be possible  there . I mean ,
again , cops  of sufficient  strength  and  training  could  have  easily  taken  this  guy down  and  held  him 
down . He wouldn't  have  been  injured  in the end .
[00:30:28.070]
Right . So there's  an absolute  deficit  of training  and  recruitment  there  that  is visible  to the eye of
anyone  who  knows  what  is going  on. And  then  there's  the fact  that  I think  a taser  was  used  before  the
video  picks  up and  failed . But, you know , people  think  that  tasers  are magic . You  know , why  not
always  use them ? Well , they're  not magic . And  they  they  often  fail and  they're  more  dangerous  than  a
neck  restraint , which  has  now  been  ruled  illegal .
[00:30:54.110]
Right . Because  it's if you take  someone  and  it works  and  they  fall to the concrete  and  hit their  head ,
you know , that  is virtually  always  worse  than  actually  being  choked  out, you know , in a jujitsu  class . So
people  have  to become  better  students  of this  kind  of violence  before  they  have  these  reactions  that 
seem  to justify  burning  down  half  a city or writing  headlines  which  attest  yet again  in the loudest 
possible  way  that  we have  a a real  problem  of lethal  racist  violence  perpetuated  by cops .
[00:31:28.490]
Because , again , you know , unless  we find  out more  about  the precursors  to that  event , there's  no
reason  to even  talk  about  race  at this  point . That's  what's  so sickening . My hypothesis  is that  virtually 
every  mention  of race  is counterproductive . Now  in our society . It's virtually  only  going  to push  society
in one  direction , which  is greater  polarization , greater  derangement , greater  hysteria , less  contact  with
actual  facts . And  it's also  going  to increase  the likelihood  that  we're  going  to get four  more  years  of
Donald  Trump .
[00:32:04.820]
There's  one  aspect  of what  you say that  I am not so sure  about , and  we should  come  back  to race  in a
second . But the idea  that  we should  familiarize  ourselves  with  this  kind  of interaction  used  to be very 
appealing  to me. You  know , I started  watching  these  videos  and  I actually  wrote  a profile  a couple  of
years  ago  of a guy named  John  Carea , very  nice  guy who  does  kind  of color  commentary  and  videos 
exactly  like this . So it will be badge  cam , it'll be CCTV , but it's always  violence  that  either  happens  or is
averted .
[00:32:37.100]
And then  he will minutely  dissect  what  happened .
[00:32:41.300]
Then  he's  a former  preacher , right ? He went  from  minister  to full time  here  to claim  self-defense  video
and analysis . Yeah .
[00:32:49.070]
And he's  he's  still a man  of God  in the sense  that  he will remind  you of the importance  of having  a
good  relationship  with  Jesus  and  remind  you why , you know , Jesus  would  want  you to put in the right 
amount  of time  at the range  and  so forth . So he's  a great  guy and  he's  extremely  responsible . You know , he's  very  I think  evidenced  based  when  he's  he's  doing  these  analyses . And  I've learned  a great 
deal . I think  that  people  should  watch  him  and  heed  his his is his words  of caution  as well .
[00:33:22.400]
I'm also , though  not really  certain  whether  I want  people  to be thinking  about  this  all the time . For one 
thing , rarely  do you see people  you know . A student  studying  encounters  that  go well , you know , they 
end up seeing  huge  numbers  of accounts , of encounters  that  that  go very  badly , even  if these  are
extremely  rare  and  in the life of a cop  or a citizen .
[00:33:48.300]
And I found  it by watching  them , that  you have  to be extremely  scrupulous  in making  sure  that  you
have  kind  of kept  your  head  on your  shoulders  when  it comes  to understanding . What  the actual 
likelihood  that  this  is going  to happen  to you is and  if you if you don't  do that , your  mind  will be even 
more  warped  than  when  you when  you went  in, you might  have  a better  sense  of, yes, this  person  with
this weapon  is a danger  at this  distance  when  I'm carrying  this  weapon , when  I'm ready  for him , when 
I'm not.
[00:34:19.760]
But the fact  of the matter  is, most  of us don't  get attacked . Very , very  few  of us are law enforcement .
So many  of these  things  are just  not relevant  to our lives . And  when  we get too used  to them , then  I
think  it can  have  a really  warping  effect  in our psychology . I know  you, Sam , spent  a long  time  thinking
about  self-defense , personal  security  and  so forth , as if I and  I'm not sure  I would  take  back  any of
that time  in my case .
[00:34:46.760]
But I do worry  that  people  are becoming  over  familiar  with  these  types  of of interactions . And  what 
they  get out of it is not necessarily  healthy  for us collectively  as a society .
[00:35:01.340]
Yeah , no, I would  totally  agree  with  that . And  this  is a nice  Segway  into  the Kyle  Rittenhouse 
phenomenon , because  if you become  a student  of this  kind  of violence , yes, you can  get an outsized 
sense  of how  common  it is. I mean , so really , what  I just  to make  clear  what  I was  recommending  is
like, if you're  not someone  who  really  knows  a lot about  violence  and  if you haven't  studied  it, if you
haven't  trained  in anything .
[00:35:26.960]
Right , if you just  don't  know  how  hard  it is to to shoot  what  you're  aiming  at, you know , especially 
when  that  thing  is moving , if you're  just  not informed , don't  have  a strong  opinion  about  these  things .
Right . Don't  go in like that . Now  is a good  time  to burn  down  the local  sporting  goods  store  over  this 
or support  others  doing  likewise  when  you just  don't  know  what's  going  on. Certainly , it also  attracts 
is a kind  of bug  light .
[00:35:53.960]
It attracts  a certain  kind  of mind  and  a certain  kind  of person  to spend  a lot of time  doing  this . And  it's
going  to select  for people  who  have  that , you know , fondness  for firearms  and  self-defense  training 
and, you know , joining  militias  and  sort  of the Kyle  Rittenhouse  kind  of person . And  then  we wind  up in
this other  terrible  place  on the landscape , which  is once  you get any kind  of breakdown  in social  order ,
once  cops  get pushed  far enough  on their  on the back  foot  such  that  they're  not doing  the kind  of
policing  we would  expect  them  to do.
[00:36:33.170]
Right . Once  they  have  essentially  announced  nationwide  that  they  won't  protect  property , which  they 
de facto  have . Just  by example , we saw  this  in the first  wave  of protests  and  riots  that  even  in the
most  affluent  parts  of the most  affluent  cities , cops  would  not protect  property . I mean , you know ,
potentially  there's  an argument  for that , but it's probably  not a great  one . And  in response  to the
protests , we had  the worst  of all possibilities .[00:37:05.150]
We had  cops  essentially  saying  they  would  not protect  property  and  they  wouldn't  even  be diligent  in
protecting  the people  who  tried  to protect  their  own  property  from  being , you know , violently  attacked 
by mobs . We all saw  footage  of store  owners  being  beaten  by mobs , but what  they  would  do is they 
would  kick  the shit  out of peaceful  protesters . Right . That's  what  the cops  were  up for. So it was  like if
you wanted  to create  a machine  to amplify  cynicism  and  a commitment  to a kind  of vigilante , you
know , take  matters  into  your  own  hands  ethic , you could  not have  done  better  than  these  last  few 
months  with  the spectacle  of American  policing .
[00:37:47.720]
And, you know , what  you have  there , too, is exactly  that , that  kind  of twin  evil force  going  on where  it's
the forces  of total  chaos . That  is the cops  saying  we are not going  to enforce  laws  concerning 
property , go out, light  fires , whatever , but at the same  time  claiming  for themselves  immense  power .
So chaos  and  order  both  being  weaponized  to just  make  life hell. If you combine  those  two , you get
what  what  I was  describing  earlier  is as these  characteristics  of hellish  failed  states  that  I've reported 
on overseas , you know , it's in micro , it's not beyond  recovery , but it's a taste  of what  life is like in
places  where  where  everything  falls  apart .
[00:38:39.740]
And, you know , what  I worry  about  most , too, is that  these  effects  are not exactly  accidental .
[00:38:47.600]
You know , the police , they  step  back  from  from  enforcement  of of property  crimes  and  sometimes  in
in other  places  where  I've reported , it's been  pretty  clear  that  they'll  say, yes, we stand . Between  you
and violence  and  chaos , if we're  not here , then  that's  what's  going  to happen , but kind  of silently 
uttered  after  that , after  that  promise , that  threat  is we're  going  to make  sure  that  that's  what's 
happening . What  happens  if we're  not there ? That  is, if if we're  not there  to protect  you, then  things 
will go badly  because  we insist  that  they'll  go badly  so that  you, you know , give  us the proper  respect 
and, you know , sign  over  your  security  to us along  with  everything  else .
[00:39:32.520]
So what  is your  actual  allegation  or concern  there  that  the cops  have  put the rioters  on a sufficiently 
long  leash  for reasons  of sort  of justifying  their  own  office ? Like  what ? You  sure  you want  to defend 
us? We'll  take  a look  at what's  going  to happen  tonight  when  we just , you know , sit on our hands .
[00:39:54.450]
What  I make  happen . Yeah , well , what  I think  is happening  is that  incentives  exist . So the incentive  is
to say, first  of all, there  are some  perfectly  reasonable  incentives . You  don't  enforce  laws  concerning 
property  because  you're  spending  your  resources , making  sure  that  people  don't  get killed  and  you try
to make  sure  that  violence  isn't  happening . So that's  a good  reason  to do this . But there  is an
incentive  to to say, look , we're  not going  to enforce  this  because  we want  to show  you what  happens 
when  you don't  have  us.
[00:40:25.170]
And the incentive  is for what  happens  when  you don't  have  us to be very , very  bad , to be as bad  as
possible  so that  your  appreciation  for us, the police  is is is sufficient . So I'm not alleging  that  there's 
some  conspiracy  where  the cops  are handing  people  guns  or Molotov  cocktails . What  I'm saying  is
that at all levels , there  are some  really , really  negative , vicious  incentives  that  are at work . And  it
wouldn't  be shocking  if there  was  a downward  spiral  that  that's  driven  by.
[00:40:57.880]
Yeah , and  all of this  is coupled  to what  is now  known  as the Ferguson  effect , where  cops , because 
they  don't  want  to wind  up on YouTube  on what  seems  to be the wrong  end  of yet another  lethal 
encounter , which  in their  world  may , in fact , have  been  a justified  shooting . They're  just  going  to stop 
policing  proactively  and  crime  rates  are probably  soaring  as a result  of that . So the Rittenhouse  thing 
is interesting  because  you have  someone  who  draws  the the obvious  lesson , especially  right  of center
here  politically , that , you know , we have  the Second  Amendment  for a reason .[00:41:34.360]
It only  makes  sense  to get really  into  guns  and  personal  protection  because  you really  can't  delegate 
the protection  of yourself  and  your  family  to the cops . At a minimum . They're  just  usually  not there 
when  you need  them  and  they're  going  to show  up too late  to do anything  other  than  hopefully  solve 
the crime  that  you were  the victim  of. So if you if you care  about  self-defense , well , then  it really  has  to
you have  to put the self  back  in self-defense  and  therefore  you need  guns  and  you need  to train  with 
them  and  you need  to take  selfies  of yourself  walking  around  in the woods  with  your  AR 15 and 
become  one  of those  guys .
[00:42:07.750]
And then  you hear  about  this  breakdown  in social  order  a few  miles  away  from  where  you live and  you
decide  you are going  to be this , you know , high  testosterone , good  Samaritan  and  get out there  and 
put yourself  between  the forces  of chaos  and  the social  order  that  still needs  to be maintained . And 
you're  going  to protect  people's  businesses , as I think  Carl  Rittenhouse  was  intending  to do. At least 
that's  been  reported . And  there's  you know , there's  footage  of him  cleaning  up graffiti  earlier  in the
day, I think .
[00:42:44.740]
And then  he's  he's  interviewed  by somebody . And  in the various  points  in those  interviews , he seems 
like a perfectly  nice  kid.
[00:42:51.390]
And there's  no indication  that  he's  intending  to shoot  somebody . There's  every  indication  that  during 
some  portions  of it, I think  he's  offering  medical  assistance , maybe  medical  assistance , that  he has 
no business  offering . And  I don't  think  many  people  take  him  up on it. But there's  no, as far as I can 
tell, no recorded  evidence  in the videos  or interviews  with  him  that  he's  there  looking  for a fight  that 
said , you know , he went  from  Illinois  to Wisconsin  and  picked  up an AR 15 and  went  into  a really ,
really , really  dangerous  place  where  anything  could  have  happened .
[00:43:27.310]
So maybe  that  is, you know , all by itself  looking  for a fight . Yeah . I wonder  whether  he had  the right 
level  of I mean , obviously  did not have  the right  level  of situational  awareness , awareness  of what  he
was getting  into . I mean , if you're  walking  around  open  carrying . With  any weapon , even  if it's a tiny
pistol , someone  taps  you on the shoulder  in that  scenario  in Kenosha , when  buildings  are burning 
around  you and  people  are screaming  in crowds  around  you, you have  to consider  that  within  the next 
few seconds  someone  is going  to try to kill you with  the weapon  that  you have  brought .
[00:44:07.910]
That  could  be the weapon  that  puts  a bullet  in your  brain . So I didn't  see any awareness  in his face . I
don't  imagine  that  that  any awareness  could  possibly  be had . If you're , say, a recent  high  school 
graduate  who  shows  up with  your  AR 15 in the middle  of a riot in a previously  unexampled , horrible 
situation  in this  country . This  is this  is a situation  that  he clearly  had  never  been  in, that  he would  be
terrible  at assessing  the danger  to him .
[00:44:40.370]
You know , when  when  younger  reporters  go into  war  zones  and  I talk  to them , sometimes  they'll  ask,
what  do you suggest ? What  should  I know ? And  the first  thing  that  I say is, is that  danger  just  doesn't 
always  feel  like danger . You're  going  into  a situation  that  is is unlike  anything  you've  experienced 
before . If you've  seen  movies , then  you edit  out all the boring  parts  that  happened  in the movies .
Right . So you're  going  to have  a very  poor  sense  of what  the actual  rhythms  of a day in Baghdad  will
be.
[00:45:15.890]
And you'll  be surprised  at how  quickly  things  go bad , how  quickly  the danger  arrives , how  quickly  it
passes . And  these  things  are extremely  difficult  to train . They're  the kind  of thing  that  you learn  by
accidentally  surviving  long  enough . And , you know , he had  one  day, one  day in Kenosha  and  they turned  bad  really , really  fast . I'm still very  curious  about  what  happened  in the actual  run up to the first
shooting , because , you know , the guy who  he shot , Joseph  Rosenbaum , doesn't  seem  to have  been 
the most  stable  individual .
[00:45:53.390]
And you know  that  there's  suggestions  that  he was  furious  that  he may  have  attacked  Rittenhouse .
And then  there's  all these  moral  questions  and  legal  questions  that  I don't  think  either  of us is really 
competent  to to to adjudicate  about  whether  Rittenhouse , under  the laws  of the state  of Wisconsin ,
would  have  been  justified  in shooting  him . If Rosenbaum  say, grabbed  for his gun , as is, I think ,
alleged  in the criminal  complaint  against  Rittenhouse , that  he shot  Rosenbaum  after  after  that 
happened , that  is after  Rosenbaum  went  for his gun .
[00:46:28.820]
But, you know . It just  has  to be said  again  and  again  that  if you open  carry  in a situation  like that ,
where  there  is mayhem  all around  you and  crazy  people  who  have  literally  flocked  there  from  from 
from  other  states  because  they're  looking  for craziness , then  you've  committed  a an error  that  is really
sealing  your  fate . I can't  see how  how  to how  to see it any other  way . If Rittenhouse  had  been  from 
Kenosha  and  had  just  woken  up and  rolled  out of bed  and  seen  mayhem  in his front  yard  and  thought 
he had  to defend  himself , that  would  be one  thing .
[00:47:07.450]
But he made  such  a terrible  decision  that  almost  everything  that  happened  that  flowed  from  that  is
going  to have  to be seen  in that  light .
[00:47:15.550]
Well , it's a decision  that  so many  people  are making . Everyone  who  shows  up to one  of these  protests
or shows  up anywhere , you know , whether  it's in counterprotest  to the protests  they  don't  like or it's
their  own  protest . You  know , as we saw  against  lockdown  earlier  in the pandemic , anyone  who  shows
up armed , you know , carrying  an AR 15 or, you know , any firearm , some  of these  people  have  thought 
it through  and  they're  just  happy  to run the risk.
[00:47:45.580]
But the reality  is, is that  the presence  of a gun  completely  changes  the dynamic  of any interpersonal 
violence . When  you know  you have  a gun  with  concealed  carry , that's  its own  burden  ethically  and 
tactically , right ? I mean , just  you can  have  a gun  on you and  no one  can  see it. And  still, there  are
many  doors  close  to you. You  cannot  afford  to get into  a wrestling  match  with  someone  or a shoving 
match  or a boxing  match .
[00:48:14.930]
You know , in that  kind  of ordinary  range  of interpersonal  violence , when  you have  a gun  on your  belt ,
which  at any moment , you know , you might  decide  to draw  or you might  fall out, you know , in a scuffle
or it might  be seen  by the other  person . I mean , just  everything  is potentially  lethal . And , you know , you
have  to think  through  what  you're  going  to do if you start  losing  a fight  and  you are armed  is a
different  situation .
[00:48:43.610]
Now , obviously , anyone  who's  a true  firearms  person  will, you know , have  recourse  to, you know ,
several  aphorisms  at this  point . You  know , better  to be judged  by 12 than  carried  by six or, you know ,
in certain  cases , obviously , I would  agree  with  that . But the real  heuristic  here  is if you are going  to be
someone  who  who  assumes  the responsibility , you know , the real  responsibility  of real  self-defense .
Right . If you're  going  to have  firearms  trained  with  firearms , think  of the scenarios  under  which  you
would  use firearms .
[00:49:16.370]
Right . You  are going  to be the sheriff  of your  own  life in the end . And  you understand  that  calling  911 
one is not actually  a self-defense  plan .[00:49:26.300]
You have  to avoid  violence  at virtually  every  cost . Avoidance  has  to be your  master  strategy  because 
it's only  if you've  practiced  that  impeccably . Do you know  that  you will be justified  if you find  yourself 
having  to resort  to lethal  force  and  if you've  decided  to just  go out to a random  car dealership  with 
your  AR 15 because  you don't  think  the cops  are going  to defend  those  precious  cars , you're  someone
who's  not avoiding  violence  at all, right ? You're  putting  yourself  in a very  tenuous  circumstance , you
know , in front  of a mob .
[00:50:05.870]
And it's totally  irresponsible  in the end . So that  that  part  can't  be defended  and  yet everything's  going 
to be. If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug ,
you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only 
content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking
Up app . The  Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support .
[00:50:39.330]
And you can  subscribe  now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the
podcast . If you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  and  Sam  Harris  network  there 
you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content . And  as always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the
podcast .
[00:00:34.980]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris  Digg  to request  a free  account 
and we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . Welcome  to the Making  Sense 
podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . OK, brief  housekeeping . Last  week , we ran an experiment  with  a live
Zoome  call, which  many  of you seem  to enjoy . I hear  the chat  was  delightfully  anarchic . I didn't  see
any of it myself . I was  too busy  zooming , but I'm told  it ran off the rails  and  in some  ways , but to the
amusement  of many .
[00:01:17.070]
And my surprise  guest  for that  conversation  was  Glenn  Lowry , who  always  makes  sense . Thanks 
again  to Glenn  for taking  the time . Anyway , that  was  fun, and  I think  we'll  continue  doing  that 
periodically  and  these  conversations  will not be released  on any other  platform , they're  not going  to
be on YouTube . I don't  think  they'll  live on my website . I part  of the point  for me is to have  them  be
totally  informal  and  ephemeral . So this  is one  of those  situations  where  you are either  there  at the
time  or not.
[00:01:52.910]
But that  seems  like the best  use of the format . Well , today , I'm speaking  with  John  McWhorter . John 
is a professor  of linguistics  at Columbia  University . He's  also  a contributing  writer  at The  Atlantic  and 
he hosts  the podcast  Lexicon  Valley . Anyway , as you'll  hear , I'm quite  excited  to get John  finally  on my
podcast , and  he did not disappoint . The  man  is a fount  of good  sense  on the topic  at hand , which  is
what  he calls  the new  religion  of anti-racism  in America .
[00:02:31.680]
And we discussed  many  aspects  of this  topic , we talk  about  how  conceptions  of racism  have 
changed  over  the years . And  now  the ubiquitous  threat  of being  branded  a racist . We talk  about  the
internal  contradictions  within  identity  politics , we talk  about  the strange  willingness  among 
progressives  to lose  the 2020  election , we discuss  racism  as the all purpose  explanation  for racial 
inequality  in America , double  standards  for the black  community , the war  on drugs , the problem  of
police  violence  and  our misconceptions  about  it.
[00:03:11.120]
The enduring  riddle  of affirmative  action , the politics  of blackface  and  other  topics . Anyway , I really 
loved  this  conversation . And  I think  you might  as well . And  I bring  you John  McWhorter . I am here 
finally  with  John  McWhorter . John , thanks  for coming . My pleasure , as you know , and  I think  other 
people  know  as well , there's  been  a standing  invitation  to have  you on the podcast , I have  long 
celebrated  your  contributions  to our public  conversation .
[00:03:52.830]
And but you you have  been  a a coy podcast  guest . So we were  just  talking , you know , offline  a
moment  ago . What  finally  changed  your  attitude  toward  doing  this ? Well , you know , it's really  it's
pretty  mundane , I think , to an extent  that  would  surprise  some  people . I am a very  meat  and  potatoes 
sort of person . What  I most  enjoy  doing  is sitting  in a chair  and  either  reading  a book  or writing . And 
there's  a part  of me that  always  thinks  that  what  I'm supposed  to be is a writer .
[00:04:27.290]
And I've been  doing  this  for about  20 years  now , this  this  race  commentary . And  I slowly  seen  that  it's
gotten  to the point  that  you have  to deal  with  the spoken  word  that  to really  be part  of the
conversation , you can't  just  write  any more . You  also  have  to talk .[00:04:42.860]
And I'm always  a little  bit behind  when  it comes  to technological  things  in general  and  also  the fact 
that I really  do. I am so happy  to be here  right  now . But for me, writing  is more  fun than  talking 
because  you have  more  control  over  it. So for a very  long  time  I thought  of podcasts , even  though  I do
one of my own , as kind  of the other  thing , I figure  my writing  will stand  in for me better  than  anything 
that I could  say off the cuff .
[00:05:08.360]
But I've come  to realize  that  podcasts  now  occupy  the place  that  writing  did a long  time  ago , and  that 
if I'm not going  to do podcasts  other  than  my own , then  I might  as well  not be trying  to communicate 
anything .
[00:05:21.740]
So I'm trying  to change  my ways , and  especially  in the case  of people  like you who  do this  so well .
[00:05:29.510]
But it's taken  me a while . There's  a part  of me that  really  just  wants  to be sitting  in a chair  with  my
nose  in a book .
[00:05:36.150]
Yeah , yeah . Well , I, I can  certainly  echo  that  in my case . I think  I'm just  a little  bit ahead  of you in
having  this  epiphany . I mean , if the goal  is to actually  reach  people  and  alter  the currency  of good  and 
bad ideas , diminishing  the latter , you just  have  to go where  the minds  are. And  it's just , you know , we
just reach  so many  more  people  this  way . So this  is great . I'm very  happy  to finally  have  you here .
[00:06:01.250]
And it's your  one  of the the background  facts  to this  conversation  is you are, as a writer , working  on a
book  that  the the world  is truly  waiting  for. I don't  know  of another  example  in my lifetime  of knowing 
someone  is busily  scribbling  and  knowing  the truly  oppressive  need  to take  delivery  of this 
manuscript  out in the world . Is there  any undue  pressure  on your  side  here  as a mother  just  to give 
not to give  more  away  than  than  you want  to in this  conversation ?
[00:06:35.180]
But, you know , you're  working  on a book  that  is I'm hoping  and  you've  telegraphed  a little  bit on this 
point  will be the argument  we're  waiting  for against  what  you've  called  the the new  religion  of anti-
racism . Hmm . And  how's  it going  and  how  is it feeling  to be writing , you know , as the the flames  of
moral  confusion  crests  the hills  and  begin  descending  upon  our sleepy  little  Hamlet ?
[00:07:05.870]
What  a calendar  year  this  is. I don't  think  I've ever  been  asked  how  a book  I was  writing  was  going , but
the truth  of the matter  is that  I feel  no pressure  of anything . It's coming  out as if it was  driven  by some
kind  of water  pressure , like from  a showerhead .
[00:07:20.570]
I am on fire with  this  one  and  I can  barely  keep  ahead  of the news  in terms  of what  I'm writing  about 
and why  it upsets  me and  why  I think  people  need  to hear  what  I have  to say. This  one  just  came . I
told my agent  I can't  help  it. I know  they're  going  to be people  who  hate  me for this , but I have  got to
write  this  one .
[00:07:37.610]
It's going  to come  out of me. What  are we going  to do with  it? And  so, yeah , Chapter  five fell out of me
last week  and  that's  the fifth  of six chapters .
[00:07:45.170]
And so I'm pretty  much  finished .[00:07:47.690]
And really , this  book  is just  going  to get across  that  this  critical  race  theory  infused  way  of looking  at
things  where  people  who  are like Mitt  Romney  are on top and  everybody  else  is laboring  on the
bottom  like slave  oarsmen  in some  ship  a very  long  time  ago , and  that  our notion  of identity  has  to be
about  defining  ourselves  against  the white  Hedgeman .
[00:08:14.570]
And the idea  that  we're  supposed  to go back  to thinking  of ourselves  as stamped  by what  our racial 
membership  is and  exactly  the way  that  old times  Southerners  wish  that  black  people  would .
[00:08:25.460]
The whole  dialogue  is something  that .
[00:08:29.400]
Enlightened  people  are going  to have  to learn  how  to stand  down  if we're  not going  to go over  a
certain  precipice  and  I try to get across  in the book , and  this  is something  that  I hope  people  won't 
miss , that  there's  no point  in viewing  the people  who  I'm calling  the elect , you might  call them  the
jokesters , etc.  For me, it's the elect  because  they  do think  of themselves  as elect  in that  way .
[00:08:53.070]
It's not it doesn't  make  any sense  to see them  as monsters , to say that  they're  coming  for your  kids ,
which  they  are.
[00:08:58.530]
But to say that  they're  coming  for your  kids  is not to imply  that  they're  trying  to do some  kind  of harm ,
that they  have  frowns  on their  faces .
[00:09:04.950]
They  really  do think  of themselves  as ahead  of the curve . They  think  of themselves  as bringing  a kind 
of good  news . And  that's  with  a capital  G and  a capital  and  to the world .
[00:09:13.980]
And they  can't  be reasoned  with  is important . We have  to realize  that  there's  no point  in trying  to have 
conversations  with  people  of those  politics , of that  philosophy  along  the lines  of saying  that  they  need
to understand  that  we should  enshrine  free  speech .
[00:09:28.620]
There's  no point  in saying  to them , why  can't  you be open  to other  opinions ? That  makes  as much 
sense  as trying  to teach  a fundamentalist  Christian  that  they  shouldn't  have  faith  in Jesus , literally .
And I don't  mean  that  rhetorically .
[00:09:40.320]
There  is no point  in engaging  with  people  of these  kinds  of politics .
[00:09:44.310]
What  we have  to do is work  around  them  so that  we can  go on forging  progressivism  of the kind  that 
we thought  could  bear  fruit . And  what  that  means .
[00:09:54.810]
And this  is the final  chapter  and  it's going  to actually  be the toughest  one , because  I want  it to be
constructive  rather  than  destructive , is that  we've  got to learn  how  to stand  up to these  people  and 
say no. And  it can  only  be the occasional  weird  person  like you or me who  doesn't  mind  an argument 
and for some  reason  doesn't  mind  when  people  yell at them . Everybody's  going  to have  to learn  that 
you stand  up to this  sort  of person . You  tell them  that  you are not going  to agree  with  them , and  that 
includes  that  you do not think  of yourself  as, for example , a racist .
[00:10:24.720]And then  this  is something  that  is going  to be a major  adjustment .
[00:10:28.020]
And goodness , we've  had  to make  a lot of adjustments  this  year . But I think  it's important  that  people 
learn  how  to make  an adjustment , which  is that  they're  going  to get called  a white  supremacist , for
example .
[00:10:35.520]
You're  going  to get called  a dirty  name  by a person  who's  usually  educated  and  or very  articulate .
[00:10:40.770]
And they're  going  to call it to you loudly . They're  going  to say it again  and  they're  going  to spread  it on
Twitter . We have  to realize  that  that  can  happen  without  the sky falling  in. And  I'm gathering  examples
of people  who  actually  have  the nerve  to stand  up to it, who  keep  their  jobs , who  watch  progressivism 
continuing  to happen .
[00:10:57.210]
Because  if we don't  do this , we're  going  to see our institutions  taken  over  by this  perversion  of what 
progressivism  is, by people  who  genuinely  think  of themselves  as doing  good . But we can't  be scared 
of being  called  a racist  to such  an extent  that  we let all of this  utterly  misguided , under  thought  out,
manipulative  nonsense  shape  what  we thought  of as intellection  the arts  and  moral  philosophy .
Hmm . Yeah , well , I should  remind  people  of your  background  as a linguist , because  it's relevant  here ,
because  this  trend  we are opposing  in so many  cases  seems  to have  language  on its side .
[00:11:44.040]
Right . And  you I can  only  imagine  that  you as a linguist  must  be amazed  at some  of the the clever , if
not albeit  cynical , moves  made  with  language  here  and  and  the kinds  of people  who  get taken  in by
them . So there's  a few  examples  I have  in my head  here  when  one  recently  on Twitter , you may  have 
noticed  that  Joyce  Carol  Oates , the quite  famous , accomplished , well  regarded  fiction  writer , lacking 
any irony  or self-awareness , wrote  on Twitter  the other  day that  antifa  means  antifascist , right ?
[00:12:20.280]
So that  there  could  be nothing  wrong  with  this  group  simply  because  of how  they  had  branded 
themselves . And  I mean , I think  they're  you and  Steve  Pinker  should  probably  show  up at our house 
for foreign  intervention . I mean , that's  just  amazing  to see. But even  more  widespread  is the
effectiveness  of the branding  of Black  Lives  Matter . Right . As though , I mean , it has  the exact  same 
pretense  of being  morally  unassailable . And  everyone  seems  to be taken  in by it, as I mean  to say, any
word  of criticism  about  Black  Lives  Matter  as an organization  or as a movement  or, you know , with 
respect  to its tactics  or or, you know , extreme  positions  held  by some  of its loosely  affiliated 
members  to utter  anything  other  than  mere  assent  to the branding  is to be on the back  foot  trying  to
argue  that  you're  not racist .
[00:13:14.940]
And it's very  clever  and  really  insidious . So I would  just  what  has  been  your  your  linguistic  ride  through
this morass  in the last  few  months ?
[00:13:24.210]
Well , you know , I wish  that  I could  talk  about  dynamic  and  frightening  synergy  between  the use of
language  and  the ideology  here  in question .
[00:13:32.010]
But to tell you the truth , I think  that  a lot of it really  is just  a matter  of what  people's  ideas  are not.
[00:13:38.370]
To an extent , people  are seduced  into  thinking  these  are valid  notions  because  of, you know , large ,
often  Latinate  words . You  know , intersectionality  is a pretty  cool  word . If you don't  want  to say tear 
things  down  or if you want  to feel  like you're  doing  something  constructive  by teaching  people  to walkaround  feeling  guilty  about  their  privilege , then  saying  dismantling  structures  is satisfying . I don't  think
it's even  cynical . I think  it's satisfying  because  dismantle  and  structure  are biggest  words  and  they've 
got a certain  crispness  in them .
[00:14:11.430]
So you can  say dismantling  structures  and  that  kind  of holds  a lot of people  off because  you are and 
this is the main  thing  I don't  think  is so much  language . It's that  people  are afraid . We have  gotten  to
this weird  point . It's very  interesting . Starting  in the 1970s  and  continuing  through  the 80s , we have 
this massive  psycho  social  revolution  in this  country , unprecedented  in the history  of the human 
species , and  that  is that  the typical  person  comes  to think  of it as a horrible  thing , to be called  a racist ,
practically  like being  called  a pedophile .
[00:14:43.950]
That's  that's  progress . It doesn't  mean  that  their  minds  are completely  swept  of all possible  racist 
feeling .
[00:14:49.350]
But that  was  new . And  it's at the point  where  people  even  under  50 are beginning  to forget  how  new 
that was . Forget  if you're  under  30. But that  was  new .
[00:14:57.030]
But once  you've  got everybody  in that  place  now , here  comes  something  a few  beats  later  where  what
it threatens  you with  is you being  tarred  as a racist  in public  that  wouldn't  have  been  processed  as
such  a threat  in even  1980 . A lot of people  would  have  just  said , basically , if you think  I'm a racist , fuck
you.
[00:15:12.780]
And we think  of that  person  when  we look  back  and  we think  of them  as callous  and  they  would  have 
been .
[00:15:16.530]
But now  ordinary  people , the ordinary  good  person  is so scared  that  they  will do things  that  they  don't 
mean . They  will say things  that  they  don't  believe .
[00:15:26.160]
And so one  of them  is that  you don't  say anything  about  what  can  be put under  that  umbrella  of Black 
Lives  Matter . And  it's not necessarily  that  people  don't , in some  part  of their  mind , understand  that  a
lot of this  stuff  doesn't  make  any sense .
[00:15:38.910]
But they're  afraid .
[00:15:40.290]
They're  afraid  of being  called  a name . They  would  rather  avoid  being  called  a name , then  make 
sociopolitical  sense . And  part  of why  it gets  up my nose , as Mrs.  Slocum  used  to say in Are you being 
served  the British  sitcom ?
[00:15:54.360]
Part of what  gets  up my nose  is that  it's condescending  what  any white  person  who  is paying  court  to
this sort  of thing  is doing  is saying  black  people  don't  have  to make  sense . It seems  like black  minds 
don't  matter . So I will say anything  that  I need  to say to keep  these  people  from  embarrassing  me in
public  and  making  me feel  bad  about  myself . And  if it doesn't  make  any sense . Well , black  people  kind
of don't , do they ? I'll bet some  people  in their  bedrooms  are saying  that  when  black  people  can't  hear 
and yet we're  not supposed  to talk  about  that  either .
[00:16:26.490]
So it's all very  disturbing . But I don't . I think  in saying  this  is we may  differ  on this , we may  not I don't think  it's cynical . I think  very  few  of these  people  are thinking  to themselves , we are going  to take 
power  and  we're  going  to do it by manipulating  language  and  by playing  with  people's  minds . I think 
these  people  are quite  sincere  and  that's  what  makes  it harder . It's almost  harder  to have  to hurt 
somebody's  feelings  when  they  genuinely  think  that  they're  giving  you a present .
[00:16:52.880]
But unfortunately , the people  in this  case  who  think  they're  giving  us a present  are you know , some  of
them  are very  naive .
[00:16:58.640]
I think  more  of them  are if they're  white , they're  hell bent  on feeling  good  about  themselves , is not
racist , and  they'll  let that  Trump  sense . If you're  a black  person  who  subscribes  to this  sort  of thing ,
you have  been  tricked  by this  sort  of person  and  a lot that  was  going  on going  on before  into  thinking 
that what  makes  you significant  and  what  makes  you special  is your  victim  status  rather  than  you as
yourself .
[00:17:21.230]
That's  understandable , given  black  people's  history , that  you might  need  to reach  a little  further  than 
some  people  to find  a sense  of well-being  and  significance  and  security . It's completely 
understandable . But that  means  in this  case , that  a lot of people  think  that  the most  interesting  thing 
about  themselves  is what  they  suffer  in terms  of what  people  who  aren't  them  are or maybe  aren't 
thinking .
[00:17:42.950]
That's  not a healthy  self  identity . So all of this  is just  a complete  mess . But no one  is malevolent  in
these  cases . We're  not dealing  with  cynics . We're  dealing  with  people  who  are tragically  misled .
[00:17:54.050]
Hmm . That's  really  interesting . I think  based  on the cynicism  point , maybe  I'm putting  the line between
good  and  bad  faith  at a slightly  different  point . I guess . So let's  just  I want  to plunge  into  a
conversation  about  racism  here . And , you know , what  the what  it means  as a as a term , what  it should
mean  and  just  how  the mission  creep  of the concept  is causing  a lot of suffering  to step  back  for a
second . The  reason  why  I want  to talk  about  this  is I'm I'm really  worried  about  this  trend .
[00:18:27.620]
We're  speaking  about  that  the the capture  of our institutions  and  our language  by this , I would  say
cultic  behavior . I mean , you know , I've referred  to it as a cult  of weakness . You're  talking  about  the
very much  the new  religion  of anti-racism . There's  a there's  a kind  of moral  extortion  going  on. And ,
you know , it's a a Stockholm  syndrome . And  I mean , all of these , you know , analogies  seem  apt. And 
I'm worried  about  it for two  reasons .
[00:18:57.950]
One, I'm worried , you know , in the near  term  that  it will be the thing  that  gets  Trump  re-elected . And  I
you know , I put myself  in second  position  to I think  no one  in my desire  to see to see Trump's  political 
career  ended  in November . I think  it'd be nice . I really  do think  that , you know , this  will be why  we get
four more  years  of the Orange  Goblin  in the White  House . But beyond  that  and  a much  longer  term 
concern  is that  I think  it is doing  and  will do damage  to race  relations  in this  country , and  it'll do
precisely  the damage  that  I think  it's pretending  to expose  in many  cases .
[00:19:42.140]
And the analogy  that  came  to mind  recently , I was  on someone  else's  podcast  and  I just  wound  up
blurting  this  out. But I think  I stand  by it. I mean , what  I feel  like is happening  over  the course  of many 
months  is analogous  to what  happened , you know , on a single  ghastly  afternoon  when  the O.J.  verdict
was delivered . Right . When  you saw  you talk , you know , those  of us who  are old enough , remember 
this, as I assume  you do saw  on you split  screen  on every  television  in the country .
[00:20:17.030]We saw  this  these  opposing  reactions  to a single  moment  and  to see. And  so when  white  America ,
you know , America , obviously  there  were  exceptions  in both  camps , no doubt . But the general 
experience  was  of white  America  seeing  black  America  erupt  in jubilation  over  this  verdict . Yeah . And 
this is where  this  is why  I use the term  cynical  here , because  it's not that  you can't  explain  that 
reaction  in terms  of, you know , all the terrible  inequality  and  grievance  that  has  preceded  it.
[00:20:54.080]
Right . I mean , we have  the history  of of white  and  black  America  to explain  that  moment . But within 
the frame  of that  trial  and  that  verdict  and  that  moment , there  was  something  cynical  about  it,
because  I think  it was  widely  understood , if not universally  understood , that  he was  obviously  guilty .
Right . And  everyone  knew  it and  everyone  knew  that . Everyone  else  knew  it. And  so there  was  no
sense  that  all of these  black  faces  that  were , you know , tearful  in joy over  the outcome  here  thought .
[00:21:28.810]
That  this  man  hadn't  nearly  decapitated  his wife  and  a stranger , right ? They  were  playing  a very 
different  game  that  had  nothing  to do with  truth  or justice  in this  case  or putting  an actual  murderer 
behind  bars  or setting  an innocent  man  free . And  so that's  where  the maybe  cynicism  isn't  the right 
rubric  here , but it's a lack  of purchase  on on what  is true  that  I think  is so awful  here . And  it's you
know , again , the analogy  has  to change  a little  bit to cover  the phenomenon  we're  talking  about  now .
[00:22:02.710]
But it's the dishonesty  and  bad  faith , the notion  that  you need  to break  a lot of eggs  to make  this 
equity  omelet . And  so, yeah , there's  a lot of people  who  we know  really  aren't  racist  who  are going  to
go down  for this  because , you know , it's just  this  is this  is the way  we have  to play  our political  game .
That's  the kind  of thing  that  is is so toxic . And  so, anyway , I put that  to you as an analogy , but I mean ,
that that's  the I feel  like that  the spirit  of that  dissociation  from  honest  conversation  about  facts .
[00:22:34.270]
I mean , I guess  the the frame  here  would  be there's  something  like a default  position  now  in polite 
society , you know , at The  New  York  Times  that , you know , in universities , in corporations , that  every 
disparity , every  significant  disparity  we're  seeing  between  white  and  black  America , whether  it's
violent  crime  or educational  outcomes  or employment , you know , how  many  Fortune  500  CEOs  are of
whatever  skin  color ? The  only  way  to explain  those  disparities  is either  white  racism  or institutional 
racism  or systemic  racism  and  nothing  else  need  be thought  about .
[00:23:14.170]
And to think  about  anything  else  is to essentially  volunteer  to be cast  as yet another  racist  who 
doesn't  get it. Or you get another , you know , troglodyte , another  Archie  Bunker  character  who  doesn't 
get it. And  there's  a commensurate  attempt  to deprogram  our whole  society  along  those  lines . And 
then , you know , we have  this  cast  of characters  like you, Ibram  Kendi  and  Robert  D'Angelo , spreading 
really  the the doctrine  of a new  religion  to, you know , to people  who  are avid  to pay for it.
[00:23:45.460]
That's  where  I'm placing  the cynicism  in this  movement . Yeah , I see what  you mean .
[00:23:49.690]
And you touch  on you touch  on very  important  points . One  of them  is something  that  you see that  can
be really  confounding , which  is that  the central  members  of this  elect  group  are willing  to hold  on to
this ideology , even  if it means  losing  elections .
[00:24:07.390]
And that's  one  of many  things  that  shows  that  this  isn't  about  politics . This  isn't  about  dismantling 
structures . This  is mainly  it's a religious  creed . We are like Romans  watching  the birth  of Christianity . I
genuinely  think  within  my lifetime  I have  watched  a really  influential  new  religion  information , isn't  it, in
its way . Interesting .
[00:24:28.540]And that's  why  I saw , for example , Mark  Lilah's  book  from  a few  years  ago  where  he said  that  we need
to tamp  down  identity  politics  with  the purpose  of getting  this  moron  out of office , that  a certain  kind 
of person  basically  circled  the wagons  and  called  him  all kinds  of names , including  white 
supremacists , because  he wasn't  with  the gospel .
[00:24:48.040]
And it's the same  way  now  where  what  is most  important  is to talk  about  institutional  racism  and  call
the requisite  people  white  supremacists  and  to really , really  annoy  as many  people  as possible ,
regardless  of whether  it could  mean  that  we have  another  four  years  of that  narcissistic , insouciant 
simpleton  as the person  running  this  country .
[00:25:13.480]
They  really  have  a different  sense  of ranking  than  anybody  would , except  if it was  a religion . And  what 
you're  talking  about  otherwise  comes  down  to what  really  is the keystone  problem  of the whole  way 
that we're  being  urged  to see the race  problem .
[00:25:27.190]
And that  is this  idea  that  any problem  that  black  people  have , any kind  of lag is due  to racism .
[00:25:32.560]
And it's partly  you talk  about  language  partly  because  of the way  the use of the term  racism  has 
drifted . I don't  think  anybody  was  pulling  the term  along  in order  to throw  up some  kind  of
smokescreen .
[00:25:43.030]
But racism  starts  as Archie  Bunker  and  his personal  bigotry . And  then  starting  in the 1960s , it comes 
to prefer  not to active  racism , but to results  of racist  behavior  or even  just  racism , meaning  that  black 
people  are behind  in some  way , such  that  you can  say that  the society  is racist  in that  disparity  by
analogy  with  what  racism  originally  was . And  so it ends  up being  a very  muddy  term . Language  tends 
to be muddy , but our new  idea  is indeed  what  you're  mentioning  that  say, Ibrahim  Kendi  or Robin 
D'Angelo  say, which  is that  if black  people  lag behind , then  it's racist .
[00:26:20.410]
And with  Kendi  in particular , you can  feel  him  holding  back  the indignation  because  he really  feels  that
if you know , if this .
[00:26:28.700]
Perfectly  obvious . And  I don't  know  what  isn't  and  the fact  that  I have  to write  a book  saying  this  or
two books  saying  this  is an indication  of the racism  in question , although , of course , now  we're 
getting  into  this  extremely  protean  sense  of what  racism  is.
[00:26:41.960]
But the problem  with  all of this  is that  the racism  in cases  like this , whatever  we want  the term  to
mean , gets  to be so abstract , so difficult  to perceive  that  if it is racism , we're  talking  about  such  a
Rube  Goldberg  game  of mousetrap , that  there's  no way  that  you could  meaningly  convince  any
dominant  segment  of any public  of normal  people  that  this  made  sense . And  so, for example , you
know , every  summer  the number  of teenage  and  20 something  black  boys  in distressed  communities 
who  are killing  each  other  goes  way  up.
[00:27:18.500]
And we haven't  wanted  to talk  about  it. But that's  been  including  in the wake  of the murder  of George 
Floyd .
[00:27:24.980]
We've  been  talking  about  George  Floyd  and  lately  various  other  men  who  have  suffered  really  grisly 
fates  at the hands  of the cops . And  in the meantime , black  men  have  been  killing  each  other  with 
abandon  in city after  city across  the United  States , as happens  every  summer . Now , that  is a tragedy .It has  nothing  to do with  any kind  of inherent  depravity  of the boys  and  men  in question . But tell me
how  it's about  racism .
[00:27:50.330]
And if you're  going  to call it being  about  racism , if you're  going  to talk  about  not having  fathers , if
you're  going  to talk  about  the fact  that  the war  on drugs  was  created  partly  with  black  criminals  in
mind  50 years  ago , all of that  is so indirect  at this  point  that  to just  hold  your  hands  out and  say that 
the reason  they're  doing  that  is racism  in the way  that , for example , a Kendi  would .
[00:28:13.910]
It's just  a vast  oversimplification . Once  again , white  people  are being  told  that  it's OK to pretend  that 
when  race  issues  come  up, you let your  IQ go down  about  50 points  because  apparently  black 
people's  IQ are just  stuck  there  and  so it won't  work .
[00:28:29.180]
I can  understand  a lot of people's  good  intentions  here . To be honest . I don't  think  that  Kendi  or
D'Angelo  quite  understand  the matter  beyond  this . I think , to put it most  politely , I think  neither  one  of
them  quite  understand  that  these  issues  would  be worth  a kind  of sustained  sort  of engagement .
They  don't  realize  how  complex  these  things  are, partly  because  although  they  wouldn't  use the word ,
they're  under  the influence  of a religion . How  complicated  is the Bible  supposed  to be beyond  the
world  of theologians ?
[00:28:59.060]
But they're  not thinking  about  it all that  hard . But this  is the proposition  that  will never  work . Irish 
people , Jewish  people .
[00:29:05.870]
There  are certain  people  listening  to me now  who  are just  sitting  on the edge  of their  seats  waiting  to
say, but they  were  white . Hold  on, folks .
[00:29:10.820]
I've heard  it before . Think  about  it. Have  I not heard  that  before ?
[00:29:13.520]
Let me make  the point . There  were  Irish  people . They  were  Jewish  people . They  were  Italian  people .
And they  used  to practically  be thought  of as black  and  well , they  became  white  and  they  did it
without  there  being  any grand  psycho  social  revolution  in society . Now , the idea  has  always  been ,
well, it wasn't  fair to expect  black  people  to do that . And  you know  what ? Maybe  it wasn't . And  that's 
why we had  a civil  rights  revolution  that  gave  us a real  boost .
[00:29:39.290]
And nobody  can  deny  that  we did get a real  boost  in the 60s  and  early  70s  there  all sorts  of things  in
place  that  allow  that .
[00:29:46.610]
So we get that  real  boost  and  there's  a further  psycho  social  revolution  in terms  of how  the country 
thinks  about  racism . But the idea  is somehow  that  it's only  going  to go that  far because  since  we're 
brown , the prejudice  against  us is stronger . And  therefore , this  is what  white  people  who  are on the
fence  and  I think  white  people  even  who  wouldn't  call themselves  on the fence , but deep  down , when 
they're  having  a drink , think  about  is that  black  people  are always  waiting  for the rules  to be different .
[00:30:16.220]
For us, there's  this  idea  that  everybody  else  just  had  to claw  their  way  and  that  with  black  people , even
though  there  was  a civil  rights  revolution , still not enough . In our case , the rules  have  to be different .
Now , we have  people  with  lots  of letters  after  their  names  who  can  put that  sort  of thing  in very 
elegant  language . I don't  think  they're  doing  it on purpose , but the intersectionality  is one  way  of doing
it.[00:30:38.330]
People  like Abraham  Kendi's  idea  that  we recast  what  we think  of as intelligence  and  make  it things 
like, quote  unquote , desire  to know . That's  from  one  of his books .
[00:30:48.260]
The whole  notion  that  we recast  what  we think  of as talent , the idea  that  we're  going  to reform  the
subject  of STEM  and  change  how  we think  of physics , etc.  The  mathematics  is racist .
[00:31:00.500]
All of this  stuff , what  all of this  translates  into  is for black  people , the rules  have  to be different . And ,
you know , people  are sick  of it. And  it's at the point  where  it's understandable  that  they  will be.
[00:31:08.960]
This  whole  new  ideology  is based  on an idea  that  we're  going  to teach  a significant  number  of people 
in the United  States  to have  so creative , so transformative  a view  of how  human  affairs  could  go in
this great  nation , that  change  could  actually  happen . And , you know , it's not good . Part  of the reason 
that I find  all of this  so disturbing  is because  they're  poor  black  people  who  need  real  help  and  people 
who  consider  themselves  to be speaking  for them  are sitting  around  in rooms , putting  their  hands  up
in the air and  saying  they  understand  their  white  privilege  and  teaching  black  people  to think  that  their 
main  role  in society  is to be the people  who  they  should  be grateful  that  white  people  consider 
themselves  privileged  over .
[00:31:51.700]
And now  we have  people  who  are trying  to teach  this  to our children , sometimes  with  actual  books .
And in the meantime , Donald  Trump  gets  re-elected  and  somehow  all of this  is progressivism . I
seriously  doubt  it. But I say again , these  people  don't  know  what  they're  doing . They're  not mean . They
think  that  they're  giving  us the good  news . They're  like Mormons . But we just  have  to realize  that 
those  smiles  on their  faces  are deceptive  and  we can't  let them  win.
[00:32:18.410]
Well , it really  is a complex  picture , but there's  there  are so many  ways  to notice  that  its complexity  has
to exceed  at every  point  the simple  diagnosis  that  it's white  racism  or, you know , systemic  racism  that
is not yet fully  rectified  because  white  people  simply  don't  care  enough  about  it. That  explains  all of
these  problems  because  I mean , just  to two  things  that  occurred  to me as I was  listening  to you, when
you think  about  the variable  of race  and  you notice  that  there  are some  communities  like African 
immigrants , you know , Nigerian  immigrants  who  succeed  disproportionately , you know , per capita  in
our society  right  there  among  the most  successful  people  in our society , white  racism  should  be
cutting  against  them  in the same  way .
[00:33:12.140]
Right . So that  if really  if it were  that  pernicious , if we just  had  racists  and  all these  companies  in
Silicon  Valley  who  just  don't  want  black  people  in the office , it would  show  up there , too. And  this  is a
point  that  Coleman  Hughes  has  made  in various  contexts , just  thinking  of him .
[00:33:29.000]
And then  there's  also  the fact  that  if you if you take  the problem  of, you know , violence  that  you
referenced  in a city like Chicago , that  you can  you really  can  set your  watch  by and  you can  know  the
color  of people's  skin  in advance . I mean , this  is what's  so depressing , right ? If you tell me that , you
know , 30 people  were  shot  over  the weekend  in Chicago , you know , I could  make  money  all day
betting  that  they  were  non-white .
[00:33:54.710]
Sadly , yes. Yeah . So to obfuscate  that  fact  is, as you know , virtually  everyone  left of center  is inclined 
to do at this  moment  is really  kind  of sanity , strange  and  totally  unproductive . But when  you ask what 
a non  racist  who  would  want  nothing  more  than  to solve  that  problem  could  do to solve  it. Right . If we
could , just  with  all of our goodwill  of non  racism  or anti-racism , come  in there  and  fix the problem ,what  would  that  solution  look  like?
[00:34:25.220]
It's not whatever  the solution  is. It's not a matter  of just  making  sure  that  everyone  within  a thousand 
miles  of Chicago  is no longer  racist . Right . I mean , there  we have  a cultural  problem  there  that  is
being  expressed  that  it needs  some  remedy  and  people  need  to be given  somehow  a totally  different 
aspiration . That  has  something  to do with  getting  educated  and  something  to do with  integrating  in
polite  society  is just  hard  to see how  even  someone  like Candy  can  think  that .
[00:34:58.850]
That's  the full story . Mm  hmm . You  know , it's it's an interesting  thing . And  I'm glad  you brought  up
Nigeriens  because , you know , there's  a little  bit more  to the story  that  I was  mentioning , which  was 
that it used  to be said  that , well , white  people  are only  going  to let black  people  get so far.
[00:35:13.760]
Then  after  about  1990 , we started  having  a high  level  of African  immigrants  to this  country , not to
mention  Caribbean  ones  who'd  been  coming  before .
[00:35:22.010]
And it's become  painfully  clear  that  these  are people  who  are often  subject  to exactly  the same  kinds 
of racism .
[00:35:28.070]
It's not that  racism  doesn't  exist , but they  thrive . They  make  the best  of the least .
[00:35:34.340]
Now , people  who  speak  for black  people , black  ones  and  fellow  travelers  have  a standing  response  to
that, which  is that  those  people  have  what's  called  immigrant  pluck . And  it's not fair to expect  native 
born  black  people  to have  it. And , you know , one  answer  to that  question  is why ? You  know , what 
group  in the history  of the human  species  has  ever  had  a motto  of, yes, we can't . That's  what  that  is.
The idea  is that  you're  supposed  to be proud  of saying , no, we can't  be expected  to have  that  kind  of
pluck .
[00:36:04.220]
What  that  is, is self-heating . And  it's interesting  because  there's  a grand  old tradition  of calling 
someone  like me self-heating . Apparently , I lack  confidence .
[00:36:12.710]
Apparently , I wish  I were  white . Well , you know  what ? I'm afraid  not. And  the truth  is that  from  behind 
my eyes , I see people  who  are willing  to settle  for this  week  vision  of what  black  people  are supposed 
to be as the ones  who  don't  like themselves  inside , which  is part  of why  I almost  never  get really  angry
at them . I think  to myself , if you don't  like yourself , then  of course  you're  going  to settle  for this .
[00:36:33.350]
And of course , you're  going  to get mad  if somebody  like me who  does  comes  along  and  says  that  you
need  to buck  up. I understand  that  anger . But yeah , the other  problem  is that  we're  not allowed  to talk 
about  that . All human  groups  have  negative  cultural  traits  and  that  being  a descendant  of African 
slaves  at the end  of the 20th  century  and  the beginning  of the 21st  doesn't  somehow  make  that 
untrue . And  so instead  of talking  about  the cultural  problem , there's  this  assumption  that  you're 
saying  that  there's  something  biologically  depraved  about  black  people  and  you must  have  your  wrist 
smacked  about  that .
[00:37:06.500]
But, yes, the question  becomes , what  racism  would  you withdraw  to solve  a problem ? And  so, for
example , a lot of why  black  guys  are killing  each  other  in cities  is based  on.
[00:37:17.840]Things  that  trace  back  often  maybe  two  or three  steps , but trace  back  to the war  on drugs , so one 
solution  might  be to fight  tooth  and  nail against  that  ridiculous  war  on drugs  because  its effect  would 
be when  you withdrew  that , that  things  in the inner  city would  be quite  different  because  there  would 
be no drug  turf to fight  over .
[00:37:37.430]
There  would  be no tempting  black  market  if you went  to a lousy  school  and  had  a lousy  life to use to
keep  the wolf  from  the door .
[00:37:45.530]
If there  were  no way  of making  half  a living  selling  drugs  and  noticed  folks , I said  half  a living . I know 
the factoid  that  none  of them  get rich  except  the occasional  person , but still it keeps  the wolf  from  the
door .
[00:37:56.960]
If that  weren't  possible , then  the same  men  would  go find  legal  work  and  claw  their  way  up from  the
bottom . And  it's not fair that  they  have  to. But that  would  be better  than  getting  killed  or going  to
prison  for a very  long  time  and  leaving  children  to recapitulate  their  lives  because  their  dads  weren't 
there . Let's  face  it, it would  be better .
[00:38:12.950]
But you don't  talk  about  that  too much . Now , many  of the people  will say, well , yes, we need  to talk 
about  that , too. But why  is it that  their  favorite  topic  is just  to get rid of, quote  unquote , racism  with  the
idea  that , you know , protesters  about  what  happened  to George  Floyd  actually  putting  their  bodies  on
the ground , white  protesters  and  bowing  down  to black  people  standing  up there  above  them  is
somehow  more  important  or is even  a necessary  preliminary .
[00:38:39.020]
All of this  energy  that  people  are putting  into , for example , putting  out statements  that  their 
organization  is going  to fight  white  supremacy .
[00:38:47.420]
And the organization  is like a school  of nursing . The  organization  is a school  of music  theory . It's a
math  department .
[00:38:55.670]
All of these  profoundly  racist  places . Why  is any of that  necessary  when  really  all that  energy  could  go
into getting  rid of a war  on drugs  that  would  solve  probably  about  65 percent  of the problems  that 
most  ails you? Don't  talk  about  it because  we're  talking  about  a religion . It's not because  the people 
are dumb . It's not because  they're  crazy . It's not because  they're  mean  and  not to, you know , push  this
too hard . I don't  think  it's that  they're  cynics .
[00:39:18.590]
It's that  they  are pious .
[00:39:20.840]
They  have  taken  on a way  of thinking  that  means  that  you sequester  a part  of your  brain  for thoughts 
and responses  that  are not based  on logic . And  we can't  say that  that's  crazy  because  most  of the
world's  human  beings  are religious . Yeah , yeah , and  I totally  follow  you there , that  is I mean , I tend  to
think  of it as a cult  or what , but, you know , the difference  between  a cult  and  a religious  total  numbers 
of subscribers .
[00:39:45.670]
So it's you know , as it grows , it certainly  could  have  the shape  of a new  religion . Let's  talk  about  how 
to move  forward . I mean , just  what  would  a sane  path  through  the wilderness  look  like and  and  how 
we should  think  about  identity  and  just  what  the goal  is? I mean , in my mind , the goal  is something 
like a colorblind  society . I mean , so that  to truly  overcome  racism  would  not be to arrive  in some future  where  more  and  more  of us are passionate , anti-racist .
[00:40:23.440]
It would  be to arrive  at a future  where  where  we could  never  dream , really , that  skin  color  could  have 
moral  or political  significance . Right . I mean , just  just  as is the case  with  hair  color  today , I mean , no
one is trying  to figure  out how  many  blondes  or brunettes  or redheads  are in various  positions  in
society  and  for good  reason . Nobody  cares . And  if we perversely  started  caring  about  that  right . And 
started  advertising , our grievances  with  respect  to hair  color  would  have  taken  a significant  step  away
from  basic  human  sanity .
[00:40:58.180]
And so we have  to recover  sanity  somehow  with  this  variable  of race . I mean , just  to give  a little 
context , I mean , anyone  who's  been  listening  to my podcast  for a while  knows  that  and  who  knows 
anything  about  my views  about , you know , the nature  of the mind  and  the nature  of the self  knows 
that I don't  think  a person  should  even  at the end  of the day, identify  with  the face  that  he or she sees 
in the mirror .
[00:41:23.710]
Each  day like that  is not the proper  locus  of one's  self  concept . But, you know , how  much  less  should 
one identify  with  a group  of people , you know , most  of whom  will be strangers  forever , who  just 
happen  to superficially  resemble  the face  you see in the mirror  each  day? I mean , just  it just  seems 
completely  nuts  to think  of oneself  in those  terms  in any kind  of ongoing  way . And  the idea  that  I
would  spend  any part  of today  thinking  about  my whiteness  or feeling  solidarity  with  other  white 
people  because  we share  some  skin  tone  in the midst  of my life that  would  be synonymous  with  me
suffering  some  kind  of brain  damage , it would  be a kind  of illness  of the mind .
[00:42:06.580]
And yet what  is being  advertised  to us from  all quarters  is that  group  identity . And  again , this , you
know , within  the weakness  knows  this  extends  beyond  race . This  is covers  sexuality  and  gender  and 
other  variables , but that  there's  a primacy  of group  identity  that  is apparently  there's  no vision  any
longer  of getting  beyond . Right . It's just  but as much  as I want  to get beyond  it, it's that's  not to say
that I believe  I'm colorblind  now .
[00:42:37.090]
Right . Because  that  is actually  I mean , it strikes  me as impossible  as long  as one  is aware  of
statistics . I mean , so, for instance , what  I just  said  about  being  able  to predict  who  is committing  all of
these  crimes  in Chicago , the fact  that  I know  these  background  facts  about  the you know , just  the the
identities  of of people , you know , who  are committing  robberies  and  other  violent  crimes  gives  me a
certain  expectation . I mean , I'm very  surprised  to hear  it when  it turns  out to be a Hasidic  Jew .
[00:43:07.750]
And not at all surprised  when  I hear  it's yet another  black  man  who's  guilty  of whatever  the crime  is.
And so it's just  that  that  sort  of background  expectation  which  violates  any principle  of colorblindness
now . And  I guess  of the flip side  of it for me, I mean , recently  I remember  I was  watching  one  of these 
Space  X launches  and  when  they  went  to the press  conference  side  of things , one  of the people  on
the panel  was  a black  woman  who  was  one  of the rocket  scientists  emotions  and  engineer  of some 
kind .
[00:43:40.420]
So, you know , the reality  of that  situation  for me is, you know , I'm watching  that . And  it made  me
inordinately  happy  to see a black  woman , rocket  scientist . And  so and  the only  way  to understand 
that, you know , psychological  change  in me is two  things  are going  on. One  is I have  some  you know ,
though  I never  thought  about  it up until  that  moment . I had  some  background , you know , statistical 
belief  that  it was  fairly  uncommon  for a black  person , much  less  a black  woman , to be a rocket 
scientist .
[00:44:13.450]But in addition  to that , there's  a deeply  positive , albeit  not at all colorblind  emotion , which  is I'm
overjoyed  to see a black  woman , rocket  scientist , I mean , like that . I want  there  to be more  black 
women  in those  roles . And , you know , conversely , I want  there  to be fewer  black  men  in the role  of yet
another  booked  suspect . Or a robbery  or a homicide  in a major  American  city. So just  the mere 
awareness  of the statistics  kind  of overrides  any aspiration  for being  truly  colorblind  at moments  like
these .
[00:44:47.560]
But that  failure  of colorblindness  cannot  be the same  thing  as racism . Right ? Because  what  I want  is
all of these  good  outcomes  and  more  good  outcomes  and  fewer  bad  outcomes  for black  people  in
either  case . And  beyond  all of that , I what  I want  more  than  anything  is to get to a society  where  I
wouldn't  even  be tempted  to notice  the color  of a person's  skin , whether  they're  a rocket  scientist  or a
criminal . Right . Because  it just  it would  make  no sense  to notice  it because  I didn't  notice  their  hair 
color  either .
[00:45:19.660]
Right . It's just  it's like and  so the question  is, how  do we get there ? So but it it does  strike  me that 
there's  this  this  transitional  period  where  colorblindness  isn't  quite  the prescription . And  I guess  I
guess  the question  of affirmative  action , you know , land  right  in here  is like, what  is the right  policy  to
be implementing , given  that ? You  know , I think  the goal  really  is to get beyond  any kind  of politics  of
identity .
[00:45:49.660]
And, yeah , that's  what  we were  supposed  to want . And  that's  become  unfashionable  and  there  are
reasons  for it.
[00:45:59.470]
It's interesting , if you could  go into  a graduate  seminar  in a humanities  department  on just  about  any
subject  and  you could , you know , hook  up wires  to every  student  after  they  had  been  assigned  a
certain  protocol , making  sure  that  everything's  OK, knowing  that  nothing  unpleasant  was  going  to
happen  to them , put some  wires  on everybody , EKG  or something  like that , and  then  just  get up in
front  of the class  and  say identity .
[00:46:25.000]
And you could  watch  people's  blood  pressure  go up a little  bit and  you could  probably  measure  if you
did a quick  blood  test , endorphins  going  through  their  veins . There's  this  notion  that  what  it really  has 
to be about  is identity .
[00:46:37.750]
And what  I mean  by that  is that  these  days  we're  taught  that  the enlightened  black  person  centers 
their  sense  of self  on their  relationship  to what  white  people  are doing  or not doing .
[00:46:53.620]
And so what  exactly  is your  identity ? And  your  identity  has  to be caught  up in this  idea  of not being 
white  and  also  being  in eternal  complaint  about  what  white  people  are doing  or not doing  that  is
considered  the advance  thing , that  is higher  reasoning , that  is the equivalent  in this  religion  to having 
faith  in in Jesus .
[00:47:17.470]
And so if that's  what  you're  doing , then  the idea  that  we're  going  to get past  race  is inconvenient 
because  for that  kind  of person  and  unfortunately , that  kind  of person  is common  for that  kind  of
person . If you're  not thinking  of yourself  as colored , so to speak , you don't  have  anywhere  to grab  on
to.
[00:47:34.120]
To even  think  of the idea  of a colorblind  America  is to imagine  an America  in which  you cannot 
imagine  just  where  you would  fit in.[00:47:42.520]
What  we're  dealing  with  is ultimately  what  happens  to Homo  sapiens  when  groups  get larger  than 
about  150  people  where  nobody  has  to wonder  what  they  are with  white  elect  in this  case , a lot of it is
that you want  to have  a sense  of purpose . And  if it can't  be that  you're  just  somebody's  brother  and 
somebody's  son  and  you marry  somebody  and  all of you go out and  you hunt  whales  or something 
like that , you don't  you don't  have  any existential  crisis . Once  you're  in a large , modern  society , you
want  to have  a sense  of what  you are good  for.
[00:48:11.440]
What's  your  purpose ? It can  be hard  to find  that  it is not natural  to wish  to be an individual . And  yet
that is what  modernity  forces  upon  us. So one  thing  that  you can  be is this  crusader  where  you're 
battling  racism . But that  means , especially  with  the way  it's being  put these  days , that  you must  think 
of yourself  as this  evil white  person  who's  always  going  to be racist  no matter  how  many  good  things 
you do for black  people .
[00:48:33.040]
And you feel  good  about  being  able  to say that  about  yourself .
[00:48:35.650]
If you couldn't  say it, then  who  exactly  are you? And  it's wrong  to suppose  that  any of these  people  on
either  side , the white  side  or the black  side . And  of course , that's  a vast  oversimplification .
[00:48:45.850]
But it's not that  anybody's  trying  to make  money . It's not that  anybody's  trying  to have  power . If
anything , it's part  of the self  definition  of the elect  to think  of themselves  as not having  power . It's just 
it's what  makes  you feel  like a person . And  so what  we have  is a situation  where  here  is the black 
female  rocket  scientist . And  I'm sure  that  the the typical  elect  person  applauds  that  in a kind  of
perfunctory  way . But what  they  want  is for it to be made  easier  for black  people  to become  rocket 
scientists  by getting  rid of all of the really  tough  math .
[00:49:20.620]
And I'm not exaggerating .
[00:49:21.670]
You can  actually  hear  people  saying  these  sorts  of things  as I have  walking  next  to them . You  can 
read  people  saying  things  like this .
[00:49:28.060]
There  are tenured  and  hot shot  black  professors  who  stand  up in front  of August , bodies  of people 
saying . That  it's racist  to expect  black  scholars  to be mathematically  competent  and  I'm not
exaggerating . And  so the idea  is that  if we're  going  to have  a colorblind  society , it's going  to have  to
be one  where  how  we do rocket  science  is changed  or that  you can  become  a rocket  scientist  without
learning  a lot of the things  that  until  now  it's been  thought  of as absolutely  necessary  and  even 
defining  for a rocket  scientist  to know .
[00:49:57.990]
And that's  really  dangerous  stuff , again , partly  because  it's horrifically  condescending . If the idea  were
that you could  be a rocket  scientist  by not doing  the things  that  rocket  scientists  are supposed  to do,
everybody  would  know  the ones  that  had  not done  the things  that  you're  supposed  to do and 
everybody  would  be reinforced  and  thinking  there  was  something  wrong  with  black  people , which  the
elect  wouldn't  mind .
[00:50:19.230]
It's not that  they're  going  for it, but they  wouldn't  mind  because  that  would  give  them  further  fuel  for
talking  about  how  indelibly  racist  society  is.[00:50:26.520]
But, yes, ultimately , we want  to get past  these  distinctions .
[00:50:31.080]
And yet, my friend  Thomas  Chatterton  Williams , whenever  he tries  to talk  about  how  we need  to start 
moving  back  towards  the colorblindness  that  we see people  in black  and  white  newsreels  singing  of,
well, he gets  roasted  as some  kind  of Uncle  Tom  or he's  a white  supremacist .
[00:50:48.600]
And of course , Sam , we have  to talk  about  the fact  that  for a lot of people , the instant  answer  here  is
the cops . So for many  people , the idea  is that , for example , my identity  must  be focused  on how  I am
not white  because  of what  happened  to George  Floyd .
[00:51:06.210]
Now , the problem  there  is that  with  O.J. , I had  a whole  kind  of bildungsroman  about  that .
[00:51:12.030]
I was  disgusted  watching  those  black  students  on TV cheering  when  it was  painfully  obvious  what 
O.J. Simpson  had  done .
[00:51:18.930]
It took  me a while  to fully  get that .
[00:51:22.800]
Yes, everybody  knew  what  he did. It was  painfully  obvious . And  I couldn't  stand  listening  to people 
pretend  not to know  at the time  because  I like to have  all the ducks  in a row .
[00:51:30.780]
But it was  seen  as a vigilante  justice  against  a genuine  terrorism  that  the L.A.  cops  had  exerted 
against  particularly  black  people  in Los  Angeles . And  there  was  a similar  feeling  across  the United 
States  for reasons  which  statistically  made  sense  then . And  even  if they  didn't  make  sense  exactly  in
1997 , people's  sense  of how  the world  works  for them  is not going  to change  instantly  because  of
gradual  changes  over  time . So nowadays  I see that  the O.J.  Simpson  performance  art had  a certain 
understandability .
[00:52:06.960]
It disappointed  me a lot in my first  book  about  race  losing  the race .
[00:52:10.500]
I'm still white  hot about  people's  willful  refusal  to understand  the real  facts  on that  case .
[00:52:17.280]
Now , I kind  of get it, but goodness , it's been  a while .
[00:52:19.650]
O.J. was  there  was  that  1994 . So here  we are 26 years  later . There  are people  who  weren't  born  then 
who  have  two  or three  kids  and  real  jobs . It was  a very  long  time  ago .
[00:52:32.370]
And at this  point , we're  in one  of the most  challenging  situations  that  I have  ever  known  in terms  of
how  we move  forward , which  is that  if you look  at the statistics , it is quite  clear  that  the idea  that  cops
even  subconsciously  kill black  people  out of racist  animus  or even  subtle  racist  bias  is simply 
insupportable . It just  it doesn't  work . And  I was  somebody  who  thought  that  that  was  true  until  about 
four years  ago . And  I was  in a conversation  with  my sparring  partner , Brown  University  economist  and
black  man  Glenn  Lowry , where  he and  I were  arguing  about  this .
[00:53:10.890]And I said , Glenn , you'd  have  to prove  to me that  this  sort  of thing  happens  to white  people .
[00:53:15.120]
And not only  does  it happen  to white  people , but are further  arguments  that  make  it clear  that  even  if
black  men  are killed  disproportionately  to their  numbers , then  unfortunate  facts  about  who  commits 
the most  crimes , including  homicides , not to mention  just  factoring  poverty  and  how  that  affects 
interactions  with  cops , whether  you're  white , Latino  or black  makes  it clear  that  the simple  idea  that's 
so intuitive  that  George  Floyd  died  because  of the color  of his skin  simply  doesn't  go through .
[00:53:47.310]
And yet, Sam , what  does  worry  me is that  we are at a point  where  because  of the religion  and  its
imperatives , you can't  get that  across  to a critical  mass  of people . I have  watched  people  much 
smarter  than  me presented  with  the very  simple  facts  who  simply  can't  hear  them . And  these  are
people  who  are usually  rather  even  tempered  people  who  get upset . This  really  presses  a button .
[00:54:12.210]
And so, unfortunately , a lot of the people  who  identify  as X, Y or Z and  seem  to be going  directly 
against  what  Martin  Luther  King  was  calling  for would  say that  they're  doing  it because  the cops  killed
George  Floyd  because  he was  black .
[00:54:27.960]
And that  kind  of thing  keeps  happening . And  as long  as that's  what  they  know  and  as long  as they 
won't  listen  to what  the truth . About  black  men  in the cops , which  is that  the cops  are a serious 
problem  in this  country , but that  when  it comes  to who  they  kill, the data  simply  doesn't  support  that 
black  men  are being  killed  because  cops  are racist  against  them . We can't  really  get anywhere . That's 
the hardest  thing  about  this , the cops .
[00:54:53.600]
Interesting , yeah , so as most  people  are will will recall , I did a podcast  in the immediate  aftermath  of
the George  Floyd  killing , I believe  was  titled  Can  We Pull  Back  from  the Brink , which  was  a solo 
podcast . As I said  at the time , I consciously  resisted  the the impulse  to bring  on someone  like yourself
to sort  of to midwife  that  conversation , because  I just  felt like the idea  that  I couldn't  say what  what  I
thought  needed  to be said  on my own  as a white  guy was  was  pernicious  and  worth  not capitulating 
to.
[00:55:28.730]
So I did it solo  and  got a lot of support  and  also  a lot of criticism . And  people , you know , can't  shake 
the feeling  that  a white  person  shouldn't  be saying  these  things  very  much  along  the lines  of what  you
just said . I know  you read  the transcript  of that  podcast . I'm wondering , is there  anything  you think  I
got wrong  or is there  any place  in history , is there  any daylight  between  us on this  issue ?
[00:55:54.500]
You know , Sam , the honest  truth  is what  you said  on that  podcast  was  all spun  gold  as far as I'm
concerned , in terms  of bravery .
[00:56:05.780]
I was  struck  by your  mentioning  something  that  even  I have  hesitated  to ever  say anything  about 
because  of the nature  of the situation , which  is that  really , you know , if the cops , you know , grab  you
and they  want  you to do something , you need  to let them  do it. The  idea  that  you're  being  some  kind 
of hero  to resist  that  you're  supposed  to think  about  the cosmic  social  politics  and  kind  of flip the bird
at the cops  or do worse .
[00:56:35.090]
And that  that  ends  up creating  a lot of these  problems . Frankly , as people  say, there  is some  of that .
And I do think  that  ideally  we would  say one  way  that  some  of these  things  wouldn't  happen  is don't 
resist  the police . You  know , basically  just  do what  they  say. And  as you said , putting  your  objections 
later  after  the heat  of the moment  has  passed , if you feel  that  you've  been  stopped  unfairly , if you feel that something  has  gone  wrong , you can  lodge  the complaint .
[00:57:04.510]
These  days , they're  more  channels  for getting  your  complaint  out than  there  used  to be, social  media 
means  that  you can  basically  have  your  say and  possibly  have  it picked  up much  more  easily  than  you
could  have  and  say, 1974 , but not then  none  of the walking  away , none  of the yelling  and  screaming ,
none  of the spitting , etc. . And  I feel  like, you know , I'm black .
[00:57:28.240]
And I can't  say that  because  I feel  like a lot of people  feel  that  these  people  are having  their  say in a
society  that  is dedicatedly  set against  the well-being  of black  people  and  black  men  in particular . And 
I just  feel  like many  people  simply  couldn't  hear  that  there's  a part  of them  that  feels  like this 
resistance  of arrest  in cases  like this  is a kind  of new  form  of civil  rights .
[00:57:52.750]
And I sense  that  I could  cut through  that  even  less  likely . Then  I could  make  people  understand  that  a
George  Floyd , who  was  white , such  as Tony  Tempa  four  years  before  him , very  similar  situation , could
have  been  killed  under  the same  indefensible  conditions . So it's a tough  one . But know  what  you said ,
I stand  behind  you. You  were  correct .
[00:58:15.790]
And I thought  to myself , it's kind  of sad  that  you're  not allowed  to make  this  kind  of logical  sense 
when  talking  about  these  issues , because  so much  of it has  been  encrusted  in what's  thought  of as
higher  reasoning , but is really  a kind  of performance  art that  serves  more  to make  people  feel  secure 
in themselves  within  the structure  of elect  religion , then  to prevent  bad  things  from  happening  to
people .
[00:58:45.280]
And so, for example , George  Floyd , take  away  the war  on drugs  and  the cops  would  have  much  less 
reason  to patrol  disadvantaged  black  communities  and  many  negative  interactions . That's  not what 
happened  to be happening  with  George  Floyd . But many  negative  interactions  wouldn't  happen  simply
by virtue  of that . There's  an educational  crisis  with  kids  that  disproportionately  affects  disadvantaged 
black  kids , which  has  to do with  how  reading  is taught . And  to be very  quick  about  it, reading  should 
be taught  by teaching  kids  how  to sound  out words .
[00:59:19.480]
You think  that  was  the most  natural  thing  in the world . But there  are other  reading  philosophies  where
you teach  kids  to recognize  words  as whole  pieces  because  English  spelling  is weird  and  you let them
do that  instead  of frankly  learning  how  to read .
[00:59:33.130]
You and  I probably  learned  by reading  chunks , and  that's  because  we are middle  class  A, all kinds  of
people .
[00:59:39.910]
But for kids  who  come  from  not book  lined  homes , from  kids  who  come  from  places  where  most 
communication  is oral  rather  than  on the page , you need  to be taught  the good  old fashioned  way .
[00:59:51.460]
It's surprising  how  that  does  not happen  for a great  many  black  kids  who  really  need  it. And  once 
you're  just  an OK reader , you're  never  going  to be all that  great  in school .
[01:00:01.780]
And you can't  make  the most  of, say, a moderate , although  not great  school , because  you weren't 
taught  how  to read .
[01:00:07.270]Right .
[01:00:07.540]
I have  seen  this  happen . And  finally , there  needs  to be free , easy  access  to long  term  acting 
contraceptives  that  are reversible , but for five years , make  it so that  you can  do family  planning 
without  having  to work  too hard . Way  too many  births  of children  are accidental . And  if a lower 
income  mom  does  not want  to have  kids  until  she's  gotten  on her feet  away  to avoid  the kinds  of
accidents  that  happen  to almost  anybody  in the course  of life, is to have  these  contraceptives  be
available  to as many  women  as possible .
[01:00:46.000]
And this  would , of course , Cofer  Black , as well  as Latino  and  white  women .
[01:00:49.870]
Women  of that  demographic  in all colors  have  been  shown  in studies  to like these . No talk  about 
eugenics  is appropriate  here .
[01:00:56.290]
It's just  about  being  able  to plan  your  family  without  thinking  too hard  and  without  so many  births 
being  accidents , especially  if you're  somebody  who  would  prefer  not to interrupt  the growth  of a child 
once  it started .
[01:01:09.190]
Yes, I'm talking  about  abortion . If you don't  want  to have  an abortion , great . But the larks , as they're 
called , make  it so that  you don't  end  up having  to deal  with  those  choices . If you did those  three 
things , just  those  three , it would  solve  so many  problems  for black  people  who  need  help .
[01:01:25.690]
And all three  of those  things  would  go a good  80 percent  of the way  towards  solving  the problems 
we're  talking  about . Regardless  of how  Derrick  Chauvin  or however  you pronounce  his name  feels 
about  black  people  in his heart  of hearts , however  privileged  white  people  are or aren't , it would  really 
put black  America  back  on its feet .
[01:01:45.850]
But we're  not supposed  to think  about  anything  so proactive  because  those  aren't  religious  thoughts .
We're  supposed  to think  about  things  that  are more  emotional , things  that  are more  interpersonal ,
things  that  make  you feel  like you've  got the Lord  in you. And  that's  where  you get books  like books 
like White  Fragility . That's  where  you get. Books  like How  to Be an Anti-racist  and  oh, my goodness 
gracious , that's  where  you get how  to raise  an anti-racist  baby , which  means  that  my children , five and
eight  are going  to have  teachers .
[01:02:15.190]
This  is what  scares  me to my socks . My kids  are going  to run into  this  and  I'm trying  to think  of what 
I'm going  to do about  it. They're  going  to be these  teachers  with  shining  eyes , not cynic's , shining 
eyes , teaching  my biracial  daughters  that  they  need  to primarily  think  of themselves  as black  girls 
who  are going  to suffer  racism  at the hands  of their  white  classmates .
[01:02:39.250]
And I say, no, no, no, no, no.
[01:02:42.880]
But I'm afraid  that  we're  getting  to the point  where  there's  no school  that  I could  put them  in, where  I
could  keep  them  from  that  and  I don't  have  time  to homeschool .
[01:02:49.720]
That's  what's  worrying  me.[01:02:51.400]
But we need  a real  race , socio  politics  that's  about  getting  out on the ground  and  doing  real  things .
And instead , we are engaging  in a kind  of charismatic  navel  gazing .
[01:03:01.840]
And I think  that  we really  need  to get past  it. I'm in precisely  that  same  position  with  respect  to the
education  of my daughters , and  it's it's amazing  to witness , I think  you just  have  to at the appropriate 
moment , have  the conversation  with  them  to inoculate  them  against , you know , the brainwashing 
that's  coming  or that  has  already  started . But it's a fascinating  thing  to try to navigate . I want  to linger 
on this  this  issue  of the police  videos , because  they  have  such  an outsized  effect  on on everything 
that's  happening  here .
[01:03:37.910]
I mean , there's , you know , comparatively  very  few  of them  that  have  been , you know , widely  seen . We
really  are talking  about  something  like a dozen  or two  dozen  videos  that  have  defined  this  moment 
culturally . Now , no, no doubt  there  are thousands  upon  thousands  of them  available . I've watched , you
know , many  more  than  dozens . The  thing  that  I just  want  to reiterate  about  these  videos  is that  they 
are very  hard  to understand , much  less  understand  dispassionately .
[01:04:08.000]
Right . I mean , these  are functioning , as you say, they  have  a religious  significance . I mean , these  are,
you know , held  up as icons  in, you know , orthodox  Christianity . I mean , this  is like this  is the the moral 
core  of the religion , the injustice  that  is patently  obvious  here  with  the name  of of this  phone . And  yet
they're  functioning . Tamai  much  more  like a kind  of pornography  of grievance  and  distrust  of
institutions .
[01:04:39.170]
And again , they're  just  reliably  misunderstood  by even  very  well-intentioned  people  who  are who  are
not implicated  at all in the video . You  know , it's just , you know , my mother  can't  understand  these 
videos . She  just  she reflexively  sees  everything  that  Ibram  Candy  would  want  her to see, you know ,
naively  coming  to one  of these  videos . So, I mean , the thing  to point  out is that  for every  video  you've 
seen , whether  it's the George  Floyd  video  or, you know , Eric  Garner  or or any of these  other  ones , I
mean , one , there  are differences  among  them  that  are incredibly  important .
[01:05:13.310]
Right . I mean , that  is for anyone  who  understands , you know , violence  and  what  cops  can  do and 
should  do to protect  themselves  and  the public  once  things  start  running  off the rails . All of these 
videos  are highly , non  analogous  with  one  another . And  yet that  is virtually  never  acknowledged . And ,
you know , the cases  where  we don't  have  video , but where  we know  something  about  what  happened ,
like the Michael  Brown  case , just  a totally  unlike  these  other  cases , each  is the dissimilarities  need  to
be noticed .
[01:05:41.330]
But then  there  are for every  video  you want  to fasten  on as emblematic  of the problem  of racism  and 
police  violence . You  just  have  to know  that  there  are other  videos  where  all the relevant  variables  are
reversed , where  the skin  color  of all participants , you know , cops  and  victims  are reversed . Writing  is
are swap  that  all out, you know , and  you can  find  that  video . And  one  thing  that  largely  goes 
unacknowledged  is their  videos  where  the thing  that  the cops  are most  worried  about  suddenly 
getting  shot  in the face  by the person  who  until  a moment  before  showed  no sign  of being  armed .
[01:06:21.410]
You know , those  videos  are there  to be seen  to. Right . So the thing  that  explains  how  spun  up the
cops  often  are in these  circumstances  where  they're  shouting  commands  and  going  increasingly 
berserk  in the presence  of a noncompliant  person , one , it's so often  speaks  to their  lack  of training ,
they  simply  don't  have  all the tools  they  need  to nonviolently  control  somebody . We're  speaking  now 
on a day, the day after  a video  that's , you know , especially  disturbing  has  circulated , which  makes 
many  of these  points  for me.[01:06:55.610]
And there's  a video  out of Tulsa , I believe , of a white  person  being  pulled  over  where  the cops , two 
cops  are attempting  to make  an arrest . And  it's not clear  from  at least  the version  I saw , which  now 
has several  million  views . I saw  it on Twitter . It's not clear  how  this  all started . You  know , I mean , I'm
sure  this  person  was  driving  like a maniac  or you you don't  know  why  the cops  are so spun  up.
[01:07:20.240]
But, you know , once  they're  engaging  him  in the car, they  are, you know , getting  ready  to tase  him . And
they  do. And  it doesn't  work . And  again , tasers  often  don't  work . Then  they  begin  pepper  spraying  him .
The guy just  refuses  to get arrested . He does  not want  to come  out of the car. They're  trying  to pull
him out of the car. They  don't  have  the skills  to physically  do this  well  where  they  can  keep 
themselves  safe  and  actually  immobilize  him .
[01:07:43.520]
So they're  yanking  on him  every  which  way  and  shooting  him  with , you know , with  pepper  spray  and 
the guy complaining  about  the injustice  of this  all. And , you know , he's  he's  innocent  and , you know ,
that is a violation  of his rights . And  why  are you doing  this ? And , you know , had  he been  black , you
know , up until  the final  frames  of this  video , this  would  be yet another  case  of, you know , monstrous 
misbehavior  on the part  of COP .
[01:08:05.810]
I would  have  heard  of that . I know , right , exactly . Yeah , and  you know , the sovereign  citizen  lunatic  cult
in white  society , I'm sure  it also  is emblematic  of, you know , the overreach  of state  violence . But what 
happens  at the end  of this  video  is this  guy is wearing  a T-shirt  and  shorts . I don't  think  it's even  clear 
where  he pulls  the gun  from . I think  it probably  was  on in his waistband . You  know , he might  have 
retrieved  it from  his car as he was  being  pulled  out.
[01:08:33.290]
But up until  the last  moment , we think , OK, I'm not sure  why  they're  tasing  him  and  spraying  him  with 
pepper  spray . But, you know , the cops  are really  freaked  out. And  this  guy, they're  just  not successfully
arresting  this  guy. He's  got his cell phone  in one  hand . And  the next  thing  you know , both  cops  are
shot . I think  one  has  died , I'm not sure  at the state  of the other . And  every  cop  knows  on an hourly 
basis  that  this  is a possibility  every  single  time  they  have  an encounter  with  a member  of the public .
[01:09:07.190]
It is absolutely  obvious  from  the cop's  eye view  of the world  that  it is very  hard  to tell who  the bad 
guys  are. And  we live in a society  awash  with  guns . And  so you owe  it to yourself . If you're  someone 
who  has  been  successfully  propagandized  by the Black  Lives  Matter , take  on all the famous  videos .
You need  to see a few  videos  like this  one  from  Tulsa  to know  what  cops  are dealing  with . This  is a
traffic  stop .
[01:09:36.020]
And, you know , you get to watch  two  cops , you know , at least  one  copy  executed  because  of it. And ,
you know , that's  the complete  conversation  about  this . And  so, yeah , I mean , the punch  line is
whatever  you're  being  arrested  for, it doesn't  matter  that , you know , you're  innocent . You  have  to
follow  directions  so as to minimize  the possibility  that  the cop  is going  to feel  that  something  you're 
doing  with  your  hands  is presenting  such  an intolerable  risk to his safety  or her safety  that  they  have 
to, you know , draw  their  gun  and  pointed  at your  head  and  and  now  you're  risking , you know , being 
killed  for no good  reason .
[01:10:14.510]
Yeah .
[01:10:15.470]
So often  it's it's about  somebody  who  reaches  and  it's clear  that  the cops  are really , really  afraid  of
somebody  reaching  for a gun  and  killing  them .[01:10:24.770]
And I would  have  to assume  that  they're  not afraid  of that  for no reason . And  yet there  seems  to be a
notion  out there  that  that's  something  that  the cops  are only  afraid  of when  it's a black  person . And  it
leads  me to something  that  I've come  to realize  over  the years  about  these  cop  cases . And  I should 
say, and  I think  it's very  important  for me to say this , I was  not thinking  this  way  until  about  four  years 
ago.
[01:10:45.710]
I had  the the BLM  the thought  about  this .
[01:10:48.950]
Many  people  who  don't  like me don't  know  that  in my books  I have  written  about  this , I have  a whole 
essay  about  the police  and  profiling .
[01:10:55.760]
I knew  this  was  the one  thing  that  that  justified  the way  people  like this  thing  as opposed  to, frankly ,
everything  else  about  being  black .
[01:11:04.640]
But the thing  about  this  is that  whenever  you see a video  such  as, you know , the ones  that  we've  seen 
now  from  Minneapolis  and  kind  of, you know , that  seems  to be a new  one  in about  every  week  these 
days  is first  of all, I think  is there . If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to
subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense 
podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the
conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app .
[01:11:37.350]
The Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe 
now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the
podcast . If you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . There 
you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content . And  as always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the
podcast .
[00:00:35.000]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris  dug  to request  a free  account .
And we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . Welcome  to the Making  Sense 
podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK, very  brief  housekeeping  today . Just  a couple  of announcements , first ,
I will be doing  another  Zoome  call for subscribers , and  that  will be on October  7th. I'm not sure  if
that's  going  to be an open  ended  Q&A  or whether  the questions  will be focused  on a theme .
[00:01:14.120]
I'll decide  that  in the next  few  days . But anyway , the last  one  was  fun and  hopefully  the fun will
continue . So I will see you on October  7th and  you should  be on my mailing  list if you want  those 
details . Also , there's  a few  exciting  changes  happening  over  on the waking  up side  of things . So pay
attention  over  there  if you're  an app  user . And  I think  that's  it. Well , today , I'm speaking  with  Tristan 
Harris , Tristan  has  been  on the podcast  before .
[00:01:48.950]
And he is one  of the central  figures  in a new  documentary . Which  is available  on Netflix  now . And  that
film is the social  dilemma , which  discusses  the growing  problem  of social  media  and  the fracturing  of
society , which  is our theme  today . So as you'll  hear , I highly  recommend  that  you watch  this  film , but I
think  you'll  also  get a lot from  this  conversation . I mean , if you're  looking  out at the world  and 
wondering  why  things  seem  so crazy  out there , social  media  is very  likely  the reason  or is the reason 
that is aggregating  so many  other  reasons .
[00:02:33.210]
It's the reason  why  we can't  converge  on a shared  understanding  of what's  happening  so much  of the
time . We can't  agree  about  whether  specific  events  attest  to an epidemic  of racism  in our society  or
whether  these  events  are caused  by some  other  derangement  in our thinking  or just  bad  incentives  or
bad luck . We can't  agree  about  what's  actually  happening . And  amazingly , we're  about  to hold  a
presidential  election  that . It seems . Our democracy  might  not even  survive , really , it seems  valid  to
worry  whether  we might  be tipped  into  chaos  by merely  holding  a presidential  election .
[00:03:23.080]
It's fairly  amazing  that  we are in this  spot  and  social  media  is largely  the reason . It's not entirely  the
reason  a lot of this  falls  on Trump , some  of it falls  on the far left. But the fact  that  we can't  stay  sane 
as a society  right  now , that . It's largely  due  to the fact  that  we are simply  drowning  in misinformation .
Anyway , that  is the topic  of today's  conversation , and  I was  very  happy  to get Tristan  back  on the
podcast .
[00:04:02.610]
Apologies  for the uneven  sound  pre covid  we were  bringing  everyone  into  studios  where  they  could  be
professionally  recorded . Now  we're  shipping  people  the zoom  devices  and  microphones , but
occasionally  the technology  fails  and  we have  to rely on the Skype  signal . So what  you're  hearing 
today  is Skype  is actually  pretty  good  for Skype , but apologies  if any of the audio  sounds  subpar . And 
now  I bring  you Tristan  Harris . I am here  with  Tristan  Harris . Tristan , it's great  to get you back  on the
podcast .
[00:04:47.200]
It's really  good  to be back , Sam . It's been  a while  since  the first  time  I was  on here . Yeah , we will cover
similar  ground , but a lot has  happened  since  we last  spoke . And  it's to my eye everything  has  gotten 
worse  so that  there's  there  is more  damage  to analyze  and  try to prevent  in the future . But before  wejump  in, remind  people  who  you are and  how  you come  at these  things . What's  your  brief  bio for this 
relevant  to this  conversation ?
[00:05:16.900]
Yeah , well , just  to say briefly , I guess  one  of the reasons  why  we're  talking  now  and  most  relevant  to
my recent  biography  is the new  Netflix  documentary  that  just  came  out called  The  Social  Dilemma , in
which  all these  technology  insiders  are speaking  about  the Frankenstein  that  they've  created . We'll  get
into that  later . Prior  to that , I was  a Google  design  ethicist  coming  in through  an acquisition  of a
technology  company  that  I started  called  Absher  that  Google  acquired  and  after  being  at the company
for a little  while , migrated  into  a role  of thinking  about  how  do you ethically  steer  two  billion  people's 
attention  when  you hold  the collective  human  psyche  in your  in your  hands .
[00:05:52.100]
And then  prior  to that , as was  also  discussed  in the film , is I was  at Stanford  who  studied  computer 
science , human  computer  interaction , but specifically  at a lab called  the Persuasive  Technology  Lab ,
which  I'm sure  we'll  get into , which  relates  to just  sort  of a life long  view  of how  is the human  mind 
vulnerable  to psychological  influence  and  have  had  a fascination  with  those  topics , from  cults  to
sleight  of hand , magic  and  mentalism  and  heroes  like Derren  Brown , who's  a mutual  friend  of ours ,
and how  that  plays  into  the things  that  we're  seeing  with  technology .
[00:06:22.670]
Yes, I would  just  want  to reiterate  that  this  film , The  Social  Dilemma , is on Netflix  now . And  yeah ,
that's  the proximate  cause  of this  conversation . And  it really  is. It's great . It really  covers  the issue  in a
compelling  way . So I highly  recommend  people  go see that  and  they  don't  have  to go anywhere .
Obviously  just  open  Netflix  and  there's  no irony  there . I would  count  Netflix  as I'm sure  they're  an
offender  in some  way , but they're  I mean , their  business  model  really  is distinct  from  much  of what 
we're  going  to talk  about .
[00:06:54.220]
I mean , they  just  they  could  have  made  the choice  to they're  clearly  gaming  people's  attention 
because  they're  they  want  to cancel  churn  and  they  want  people  on the platform  and  deriving  as much
value  from  the platform  as possible . But there  is something  different  going  on over  there  with  respect 
to not not being  part  of the ad economy  and  the attention  economy  in quite  the same  way . That's  a
distinction  we could  draw  later  on. But is there  a bright  line between  proper  subscription  services  like
that and  what  we're  going  to talk  about ?
[00:07:26.920]
Yeah , I mean , I think  the core  question  we're  here  to talk  about  is in what  in which  ways  and  where  our
technologies , incentives  aligned  with  the public  good . And  I think  the problem  that  brings  us here 
today  is where  technology's  incentives  are misaligned  with  the public  good  through  the business 
model  of advertising  and  through  models  like user  generated  content . Clearly , because  we live in a
finite  attention  economy  where  there's  only  so much  human  attention , we are managing  a commons ,
a collective  environment .
[00:07:54.430]
And because  Netflix , like any other  actor , including  politicians , including  conferences , including  you or
you or I, or this  podcast  or my podcast , we're  all competing  for the same  finite  resource . And  so
there's  a difference , I think , in how  different  business  models  engage  in an attention  economy , but a
business  model  in which  the cost  of producing  things  that  are going  to reach  exponential  numbers  of
people . Exponential  broadcast  in the case  of Netflix , but also  in the case  of these  other  companies ,
there's  a difference  when  there  is a sense  of ethics  or responsibility  or privacy  or child  controls  that 
we add  into  that  equation .
[00:08:29.830]
And I'm sure  we'll  get more  into  those  topics .
[00:08:31.750]Right . OK, so let's  take  it from  the top here . What's  wrong  with  social  media  at this  point ? If you could 
boil it down  to the the elevator  pitch  answer , what  is the problem  that  we're  going  to spool  over  the
next  hour  or so?
[00:08:51.070]
Well , it's funny  because  the film  actually  opens  with  that  prompt , the blank  stares  of any technology 
insiders , including  myself , because  I think  it's so hard  to define  exactly  what  this  problem  is. There's 
clearly  a problem  of incentives , but beneath  that , there's  a problem  of what  those  incentives  are doing
and where  the exact  harms  show  up and  the way  that  we frame  it in the film . And  in a big presentation
we gave  at the S.F.  Jazz  Center  back  in April  twenty  nineteen  to a bunch  of the top technologists  and 
people  in the industry  was  to say that  while  we've  all been  looking  out for the moment  when  I would 
overwhelm  human  strengths  and  when  we would  get the singularity , when  would  I take  our jobs , we
want  to be smarter  than  humans .
[00:09:29.320]
We missed  this  much , much  earlier  point  when  technology  didn't  overwhelm  human  strengths , but it
undermined  human  weaknesses . And  you can  actually  frame  the cacophony  of grievances  and 
scandals  and  problems  that  we've  seen  in the tech  industry , from  distraction  to addiction  to
polarization  to. Bullying  to harassment , to the breakdown  of truth , all in terms  of progressively 
hacking  more  and  more  of human  vulnerabilities  and  weaknesses . So if we take  it from  the top, you
know , our brains  Short-Term  memory  system  have  seven  plus  or minus  two  things  that  we can  hold 
when  technology  starts  to overwhelm  our short  term  and  working  memory .
[00:10:05.440]
We feel  that  as a problem  called  distraction . Oh my gosh , I can't  remember  what  I was  doing . I came 
here  to open  an email . I came  here  to go to Facebook  to look  something  up, and  now  I got sucked 
down  into  something  else . That's  a problem  of overwhelming  the human  limit . And  we can  sort  of just
start  our working  memory  when  it overwhelms  our dopamine  systems  and  our reward  systems  that 
we feel  that  is a problem  called  addiction  when  it taps  into  and  exploits  our reliance  on stopping  cues 
that at some  point  I will stop  talking .
[00:10:31.960]
And that's  a cue for you to keep  going  when  technology  doesn't  stop  talking  and  it just  gives  you the
infinite , bottomless  bowl . We feel  that  is a problem  called  addiction  or addictive  use. When 
technology  exploits  our social  approval  and  giving  us more  and  more  social  approval , we feel  that  as
a problem  called  teen  depression , because  suddenly  children  are dosed  with  social  approval  every 
few minutes  and  are hungry  for more  likes  and  comparing  themselves  in terms  of the currency  of
likes .
[00:10:55.750]
And when  technology  hacks  the limits  of our heuristics  for determining  what  is true , for example , that 
that Twitter  profile  who  just  commented  on your  tweet  five seconds  ago , that  photo  looked  pretty  real .
They've  got a bio that  seems  pretty  real . They've  got ten thousand  followers . We only  have  a few  cues 
that we can  use to discern  what  is real  and  bots  and  deep  fakes . And  I'm sure  we'll  get into  three 
actually  overwhelmed  that  human  weakness . So we don't  even  know  what's  true .
[00:11:19.780]
So I think  the main  thing  that  we really  want  people  to get is through  a series  of misaligned  incentives 
which  will further  get into  technology , has  overwhelmed  and  undermined  human  weaknesses . And 
many  of the problems  that  we're  seeing  as separate  are actually  the same . And  just  one  more  thing 
on this  analogy . It's kind  of like collectively  this  digital  fallout  of addiction , teen  depression , suicides ,
polarization , breakdown  of truth . We think  of this  as a collective  digital  fallout  or a kind  of climate 
change  of culture  that  much  like the oil extractive  economy  that  we have  been  living  in an extractive 
race  for attention .
[00:11:53.380]
There's  only  so much  when  it starts  running  out. We have  to start  fracking  your  attention  by putting your  attention  into  multiple  streams . I want  you watching  an iPad  and  a phone  and  the television  at
the same  time , because  that  lets  me triple  the size  of the attention  economy . But that  extractive  race 
for attention  creates  this  global  climate  change  of culture . And  much  like climate  change , it happens 
slowly , it happens  gradually , it happens  chronically . It's not this  sudden , immediate  threat .
[00:12:16.690]
It's this  slow  erosion  of the social  fabric  and  that  collectively  we called  in that  presentation  human 
downgrading , but you can  call it whatever  you want . The  point  is that  if you think  back  to the climate 
change  movement  before  there  was  climate  change  as a as a cohesive  understanding  of emissions 
and linking  to to climate  change , we had  some  people  working  on polar  bears  and  people  working  on
the coral  reefs . We have  some  people  working  on species  lost  in the Amazon . And  it wasn't  until  we
had an encompassing  view  of how  all these  problems  get worse .
[00:12:44.740]
That's  that  we start  to get change . And  so we're  really  hoping  that  this  film  can  act as a kind  of
catalyst  for a global  response  to this  really  destructive  thing  that's  happened  to society .
[00:12:55.900]
OK, so let me play  devil's  advocate  for a moment  using  some  of the elements  you've  already  put into 
play, because  if you are going  to impressively  agree  throughout  this  conversation  on the nature  of the
problem , but I'm channeling  a skeptic . Here  and  it's actually  not that  hard  for me to empathize  with  a
skeptic , because , as you point  out, it really  takes  a fair amount  of work  to pry the scales  from  people's
eyes  on this  point . And  the nature  of the problem , though , it really  is everywhere  to be seen .
[00:13:27.650]
It's surprisingly  elusive . Right ? So if you reference  something  like, you know , a spike  in teen 
depression  and  self-harm  and  suicide , you know , there's  no one  who's  going  to pretend  not to care 
about  that . And  then  there  really  is just  the question  of, you know , what's  the causality  here ? And  is it
really  a matter  of exposure  to social  media  that  is driving  it? And  I think  I don't  think  people  are
especially  skeptical  of that . And  that's  that's  a discrete  problem  that  I think  most  people  would  easily 
understand  and  be concerned  about .
[00:13:59.420]
But the more  general  problem  for all of us is is harder  to keep  in view . And  so when  you talk  about 
things  again , these  are things  you've  already  conceded  in a way . So attention  has  been  a finite 
resource  always . And  everyone  has  always  been  competing  for it. So if you're  going  to publish  a book ,
you are part  of this  race  for people's  attention . If you if you were  going  to release  something  on the
radio  or television , it was  always  a matter  of trying  to grab  people's  attention .
[00:14:29.840]
And as you say, we're  trying  to do it right  now  with  this  podcast . So it's when  considered  through  that 
lens, it's hard  to see what  is fundamentally  new  here . Right . So, yes, this  is zero  sum . And  then  the
question  is, is it good  content  or not? I think  people  want  to say, right . It's just  this  is just  a matter  of
interfacing  in some  way  with  human  desire  and  human  curiosity . And  you're  either  doing  that 
successfully  or not.
[00:14:58.880]
And what's  so bad  about  really  succeeding , you know , just  fundamentally  succeeding  in a way  that .
Yeah , I mean , you can  call it addiction , but really  it's just  what  people  find  captivating  is what  people 
want  to do. They  want  they  want  to grant  their  attention  to the next  video . That  is absolutely 
enthralling . But how  is that  different  from , you know , leafing  through  the pages  of a hard  copy  of
Vanity  Fair  in the year  1987  and  feeling  that  you really  want  to read  the next  article  rather  than  work  or
do whatever  else  you you thought  you were  going  to do with  your  afternoon .
[00:15:33.020]
So there's  that . And  then  there's  the sense  that  the fact  that  advertising  is is involved  and  really , really 
the foundation  of everything . We're  going  to talk  about  what's  so bad  about  that . And  so really , it's astory  of ads  just  getting  better . You  know , I don't  have  to see ads  for Tampax  anymore , right ? I mean , I
go online  and  I see ads  for things  that  I probably  want  or nearly  want  because  I abandoned  them  in
my Zappos  shopping  cart .
[00:16:04.430]
So what  what's  wrong  with  that ? And  I think  most  people  are stuck  in that  place . Like , they  just  we
have  to do a lot of work  to bring  them  into  the place  of the conversation  where  the emergency 
becomes  salient . And  so let's  start  there .
[00:16:20.180]
Gosh , there's  so much  good  stuff  to unpack  here . So on the attention  economy , obviously  we've 
always  had  it. We've  had  television  competing  for attention  radio  and  we've  had  evolutions  of the
attention  economy  before , a competition  between  books , competition  between  newspapers ,
competition  between  television  to more  engaging  television  to more  channels  of television . So in
many  ways  this  isn't  new . But I think  what  we really  need  to look  at is what  was  mediating  where  that 
attention  went  to mediating  the big word  smartphones .
[00:16:46.310]
We check  out we check  our smartphones  a hundred  times  or something  like that  per day. They  are
intimately  woven  into  the fabric  of our daily  lives  and  ever  more  so because  of if we establish 
addiction  or just  this  addictive  checking  that  we have  that  any moment  of anxiety , we turn  to our
phone  to look  at it. So it's intimately  woven  into  where  the attention  starting  place  will come  from . It's
also  taken  over  our fundamental  infrastructure  for our basic  verbs , like if I want  to talk  to you or talk  to
someone  else , my phone  has  become  the primary  vehicle  for just  about  for many , many  verbs  in my
life, whether  it's ordering  food  or speaking  to someone  or figuring  out what  I wear  to go on a map .
[00:17:24.890]
We are increasingly  reliant  on this  central  node  of our smartphone , to be a router  for where  all of our
attention  goes . So that's  the first  part  of this  intimately  woven  nature  and  the fact  that  it's our social 
it's part  of the social  infrastructure  by which  we rely on we can't  avoid  it. Part  of what  makes 
technology  today  inhumane  is that  we're  reliant  on infrastructure  that's  not safe  or contaminated  for
many  reasons  that  we'll  get into  later . A second  reason  that's  different  is the degree  of asymmetry 
between , let's  say, that  newspaper  editor  or a journalist  who  is writing  that  enticing  article  to get you
to turn  to the next  page  versus  the level  of asymmetry  of when  you watch  a YouTube  video  and  you
think , yeah , this  time  I'm just  going  to watch  one  video  and  then  I got to go back  to work  and  you wake
up from  a trance  two  hours  later  and  you say, man , what  happened  to me?
[00:18:08.930]
I should  have . More  self-control , what  that  misses  is there's  literally  the Googles , billions  of dollars  of
supercomputing  infrastructure  on the other  side  of that  slab  of glass  in your  hand  pointed  at your 
brain  doing  predictive  analytics  on what  would  be the perfect  next  video  to keep  you here .
[00:18:25.910]
And the same  is true  on Facebook . You  think , OK, I've sort  of been  scrolling  through  this  thing  for a
while , but I'm just  going  to swipe  up one  more  time  and  then  I'm done . Each  time  you swipe  up with 
your  finger , you know , you're  activating  a Twitter  or a Facebook  or a tick tock  supercomputer  that's 
doing  predictive  analytics , which  has  billions  of data  points  on exactly  the thing  that'll  keep  you here .
And I think  it's important  to expand  this  metaphor  in a way  that  you've  talked  about  on this  in your 
show  before  about  just  the power , increasing  power  and  computational  power  of of A.I. When  you
think  about  a supercomputer  pointed  at your  brain  trying  to figure  out what's  the perfect , next  thing  to
show  you that's  on one  side  of the screen .
[00:19:00.950]
On the other  side  of the screen  is my prefrontal  cortex , which  is evolved  millions  of years  ago  and 
doing  the best  job it can  to do goal  articulation , goal  retention  and  memory  and  sort  of staying  on
task , self  discipline , et cetera . So who's  going  to win in that  battle ? Well , a good  metaphor  for this  is,
let's say you or I were  to play  Garry  Kasparov  at chess . Like , why  would  you or I lose ? It's because there  I am on the chess  board  and  I'm thinking , OK, if I do this , he'll  do this .
[00:19:25.790]
But if I do this , he'll  do this . And  I'm playing  out a few  new  moves  ahead  on the chess  board . But when
Gary  looks  at that  same  chess  board , he's  playing  out a million  more  moves  ahead  than  I can . Right .
And that's  why  Gary  is going  to win and  beat  you and  I every  single  time . But when  Gary , the human , is
playing  chess  against  the best  supercomputer  in the world , no matter  how  many  million  moves  ahead
that Gary  can  see, the supercomputer  can  see billions  of moves  ahead .
[00:19:50.090]
And when  he beats  Gary , who  is the best  human  chess  player  of all time , he's  beaten  like the human 
brain  at chess  because  that  was  kind  of the best  one  that  we had . And  so when  you look  at the degree
of asymmetry  that  we now  have , when  you're  sitting  there  innocuously  saying , OK, I'm just  going  to
watch  one  video  and  then  I'm out, we have  to recognize  that  we have  an exponential  degree  of
asymmetry  and  they  know  us and  our weaknesses  better  than  we know  ourselves , to borrow  also 
from  a mutual  friend , Yuval  Harari .
[00:20:16.610]
So I guess  I still think  the nature  of the problem  will seem  debatable  even  at this  point . So, OK,
because , again , you're  talking  about  successfully  game  in attention , making , you know , various  forms 
of content  more  captivating , you know , stickier . You  know , people  are losing  time , perhaps , that  they 
didn't  know  they  were  going  to give  over  to their  devices , but they  were  doing  that  with  their 
televisions  anyway . I mean , that  these  statistics , long  before  we had  smartphones , the statistics  on
watching  television  were  appalling .
[00:20:53.350]
And I forget  what  they  were . There's  something  like, you know , the average  television  was  on seven 
hours  a day in the home , you know , so that  the picture  was  of people  in a kind  of Alvis  Huxley  like, you
know , dystopia  just  plugged  in to the boob  tube  and  being  fed, you know , bad  commercials  and  and 
therefore  being  monetized  in some  way . That  strikes  people  as not fundamentally  different  from 
what's  happening  now . I mean , yes, it was  there  was  less  to choose  from .
[00:21:21.200]
You know , there  were  within  two  or three  different  types  of laundry  detergent . And  it was  not a matter 
of a really  fine  grained  manipulation  of people's  behavior . But it was  still, if you wanted , from  the
perspective  of what  seems  optimal , it's still had  a character  of propagandizing  people , you know , with 
certain  messages  that  seem  less  than  optimal . You  could  I'm sure  you could  talk  about  teams  or just 
people  in general  having , you know , body  dysmorphia  around  ideal  presentations  of human  beauty 
that were , you know , unrealistic , you know , whether  Photoshop  was  involved  at that  point  or not.
[00:22:01.310]
I mean , it was  just  good  lighting  and  good  makeup  and  and , you know , selection  effects  that  make  it
make  people  feel  obliged  to aspire  to irrational  standards  of beauty . All of these  problems  that  we
tend  to reference  in a conversation  like this  seemed  present . I think  the. The  thing  that  strikes  me as
fundamentally  new  and  this  is brought  out in your  in the film  by several  people , relates  to the issue  of
misinformation  and  the silencing  of information . So which  really  does  strike  me as genuinely  new .
[00:22:37.180]
So and  there  are few  analogies  here  that  I find , especially  arrestment . What  the one  thing  that  Jaron 
Lanier  said , he says  in the film  and  he said  on this  podcast  a year  or so ago , which  is I think  frames  it
really  well , is that  just  imagine  if Wikipedia  would  present  you with  information  in a way  that  was 
completely  dependent  on your  search  history  or all the data  on you that  had  been  collected  that 
showing  your  biases  and  your  preferences  in the way  the ways  in which  your  attention  can  be gamed 
so that  when  each  of us went  to Wikipedia , not only  was  there  no guarantee  that  we'd  be seen 
precisely  the same  facts , rather  that  was  a guarantee  that  we wouldn't  be right , that  we're  in this  sort 
of this  shattered  epistemology  now .[00:23:25.960]
And we've  built  this  machine  into  the very  machinery  we're  using  to deliver  information . Really , the
only what  is almost  the only  source  of information  for most  people  now  is a machine  that  is designed 
to partially  inform  people , misinform  people , spread  conspiracy  theories  and  lies faster  than  facts ,
spread  outrage  faster  than  disinterested , nuanced  analysis  of stories . So it's like we have  designed  an
apparatus  whose  purpose  is to fragment  our worldview  and  to make  it possible  for us to fuse  our
cognitive  horizon  so that  if you and  I start  out in a different  place , we can  never  converge  in the
middle  of the psychological  experiment .
[00:24:14.170]
And that  that's  the thing  that  it strikes  me for which  there  is no analogue  in, you know , all previous 
moments  of culture .
[00:24:22.000]
Yeah , that's  one  hundred  percent . Right . And  I mean , if we jump  to the chase  about  what  is most 
concerning , it is the breakdown  of a shared  reality  and  the breakdown , therefore , of our capacity  to
have  conversations . And  you said  it, that  if we don't  have  conversation , we have  violence . And  when 
you shatter  the epistemic  basis  of how  do we know  what  we know ? And  I've been  living  literally  in a
different  reality , a different  Truman  Show , as Roger  McNamee  would  say for the last  10 years .
[00:24:48.040]
And we have  to keep  in mind , we're  about  10 years  into  this  radicalization  polarization  process  where 
each  of us have  been  fed, you know , really  a more  extreme  view  of reality  for quite  a long  time  that 
what  I really  want  people  to do isn't  just  to say there's  technology  addictive  or these  small  questions .
It's really  to rewind  the tape  and  to ask, you know , how  has  my mind  been  fundamentally  warped ? And
so just  to go back  to the point  you made  a second  ago , you know , so what  YouTube  is is giving  us
information .
[00:25:14.110]
Well , first , on that  chess  match  I mentioned  of are we going  to win or are they  going  to win 70 percent 
of the billion  hours  a day that  people  spend  on YouTube  is actually  driven  by the recommendation 
system , by with  the recommendation  system  is choosing  for us. Just  imagine  a TV channel  where 
you're  not choosing  70 percent  of the time . Then  the question  becomes , as you said , well , what  is the
default  programming  of that  channel ? Is it Walter  Cronkite  and  some  kind  of semi  reliable  communal 
sensemaking , as our friend  Eric  would  say?
[00:25:39.970]
Or is it actually  giving  us more  and  more  extreme  views  of reality ? So three  examples  of this . Several 
years  ago , if you were  a teenager  and  looked  at a diet  video  and  YouTube , all the several  of the videos 
and the right  hand  side  would  be thin . So anorexia  videos , because  those  things  were  better  at
keeping  people's  attention . If you looked  at the 9/11  videos , it would  look  at it would  give  you Alex 
Jones  Infowars , 9/11  conspiracy  theories .
[00:26:02.860]
YouTube  recommended  Alex  Jones  conspiracy  theories  15 billion  times  in the right  hand  side  bar.
Which  is more  than  the combined  traffic  of the New  York  Times , Fox  News , MSNBC , Guardian , et
cetera , combined . So the scale  of what  has  actually  transpired  here  is is so enormous  that  I think  it's
really  hard  for people  to get their  head  around  because  also  each  of us only  see our own  Truman 
Show . So the fact  that  I'm saying  these  stats , you might  say, well , I've never  seen  a dieting  video  or
anorexia  video  or someone  else  might  say, I've never  seen  those  conspiracy  theories , it's because  it
fed you some  different  rabbit  hole .
[00:26:34.980]
Tomasello . Who's  the YouTube  recommendations ? Engineer  in the film  talks  about  an interview  we
did with  him  on our podcast , how  he the algorithm  found  out that  he liked  seeing  these  videos  of
plane  landings . And  it's this  weird , addictive  corner  of YouTube  where  people  like to see plane 
landings  or the example  of flat earth  conspiracy  theories , which  are recommended  hundreds  ofmillions  of times . And  because  we've  been  doing  this  work  for such  a long  time  and  I've talked  to so
many  people , I hear  from  teachers  and  parents  who  say, you know , suddenly  all these  kids  are coming
into my classroom  and  they're  saying  the Holocaust  didn't  happen  or they're  saying  the earth  is flat.
[00:27:06.490]
And it's like, where  are they  getting  these  ideas ? Especially  in a time  of coronavirus  where  parents  are
forced  to sit their  kids  in front  of the new  television , the new  digital  pacifier , which  is really  just 
YouTube . You  know , they're  basically  at the whims  of whatever  that  automated  system  is showing 
them . And  of course , the reason  economically  why  this  happened  is because  the only  way  that  you
can broadcast  to three  billion  people  in every  language  is you don't  pay any human  editors .
[00:27:29.590]
Right . You  take  out all of those  expensive  people  who  said  at The  New  York  Times , The  Washington 
Post  editorial  department  or PBS  editorial  department  saying  what's  good  for kids  in terms  of
Saturday  Morning  or Sesame  Street ? And  you say, let's  have  a machine  decide  what's  good  for
people . And  the machine  cannot  know  the difference  between  what  we'll  watch  versus  what  what  we
actually  really  want . And  the easiest  example  there  is if I'm driving  down  a freeway  on the five in L.A. 
and according  to YouTube , if my eyes  go off to the side  and  I see a car crash  and  everybody's  eyes  go
to the side , they  look  at the car crash , then  the world  must  really  want  car crashes .
[00:28:04.070]
And the next  thing  you know , there's  a self  reinforcing  feedback  loop  of they're  feeding  us more  car
crashes  and  we keep  looking  at the car crashes . They  feed  us more  and  more . That's  exactly  what's 
happened  over  the last  ten years  with  conspiracy  theories . And  one  of the best  predictors  of whether 
you will believe  in a new  conspiracy  is whether  you already  believe  in one . And  YouTube  and 
Facebook  have  never  made  that  easier  than  to sort  of open  the doorways  into  a more  paranoid  style 
of thinking .
[00:28:26.980]
And just  one  last  thing  before  handing  it back  is, you know , I think  this  is not to vilify  all conspiracy ,
thinking , you know , some  conspiracies  are real  or some  notions  of what  Epstein  did with  running  a
child  sex ring  is all real . So but we need  a more  nuanced  way  to see this , because  when  you're  put into
a surround  sound  rabbit  hole  where  everything  is a conspiracy  theory , everything  that's  ever  happened
in the last  50 years  is part  of some  master  plan .
[00:28:51.040]
And there's  actually  the secret  cabal  that  controls  everything . And  Bill Gates  and  5G and  conspiracy 
coronavirus , you know , this  is where  the thing  goes  off the rails . And  I think  this  really  became 
apparent  to people  once  they  were  stuck  at home  where  you're  not actually  going  out into  the world ,
you're  not talking  to as many  neighbors . And  so the primary  meaning  making  and  sense  making 
system  that  we are using  to navigate  reality  are these  social  media  products . And  I think  that  is
exacerbated  the kind  of craziness  we've  seen  over  the last  six months .
[00:29:18.460]
Yeah , well , you're  really  talking  about  the formation  of cults . And  I know  you've  thought  about  a lot
about  cults . And  what  we have  here  is a kind  of cult  factory  or, you know , a cult  industrial  complex 
that we have  built  inadvertently . And  again , what's  the inadvertence  is is really  interesting  because  it
does  it relates  directly  to the business  model . Is this  because  we have  decided  that  the only  way  to
pay for the Internet  or the primary  way  to pay for the Internet  is with  ads ?
[00:29:52.090]
And when  we'll  get into  the mechanics  of this , that  is the thing  that  has  dictated  everything  else  we're 
talking  about . And  it really  is incredible  to think  about  because  we you know , we have  created  a
system  where  indisputably  some  of the smartest  people  on Earth , I mean , this  is really  the where  are
some  of our brightest  minds  are using  the most  powerful  technology  we've  ever  built  not to cure 
cancer  or mitigate  climate  change  or respond  to a very  real  and  pressing  problem  like an emerging 
pandemic .[00:30:26.170]
They're  spending  their  time  trying  to get better  at gaming  human  attention  more  effectively  to sell
random  products  and  even  random  conspiracy  theories . Right . In fact , they're  doing  all of this  not
merely  as a mode  of failing  to address  other  real  problems , like in mitigating  climate  change  or
responding  to a pandemic . The  consequences  of what  they're  doing  is making  it harder  to respond  to
those  real  problems . I mean , we have , you know , climate  change  and  pandemics  are now  impossible 
to talk  about  as a result  of what's  happening  on social  media .
[00:31:01.810]
And this  is this  is a direct  result  of how  social  media  is being  paid  for or is how  it is. It has  decided  to
make  money  and  as you say, it's making  it impossible  for us to understand  one  another  because 
people  are not seeing  the same  things . I mean , like I on a daily  basis  have  this  experience  of looking 
at people  out in the world , you know , on my own  social  media  feed , or he's  just  reading  news 
accounts  of what  somebody  is into  a military , somebody  who's  into  Kuhnen .
[00:31:35.170]
Right . And  this  cult  is not too strong  a word , this  cult  of indeterminate  size . But you know  massively 
well subscribe  at this  point  for people  who  believe  that  not only  is child  sexual  abuse  a real  problem 
out there  in the world , it's more  or less  everyone  believes , but they  believe  that  there  are uncountable 
numbers  of high  profile , well  connected  people , you know , from  the Clintons  on down  who  are part  of
a cannibalistic  cult  of child  sexual  slavery , you know , where  they  extract  the bodily  essences  of
children  so as to prolong  their  lives .
[00:32:09.430]
Right . I mean , it's just  it's just  crazy  as crazy . Yes . And  so so when  I as someone  who's  outside  this 
information  stream  view  this  behavior , people  look , frankly , insane  to me. Right . And  some  of these 
people  have  to be crazy . Right . This  has  to be acting  like a bug  light  for four  crazy  people  of at least  of
some  sort . But most  of the people  are presumably  normal  people  who  are just  drinking  from  a
firehose  of misinformation  and  just  different  information  from  the information  I'm seeing .
[00:32:42.170]
And so their  behavior  is is actually  inexplicable  to me. And  there's  so many  versions  of this  now . I
don't  think  it's too much  to say that  we're  driving  ourselves  crazy . We're  creating  a culture  that  is not
compatible  with  basic  sanity . I mean , we're  amplifying  incommensurable  delusions  everywhere  all at
once . And  we've  created  a system  where  true  information , real  facts  and , you know , valid , you know ,
skeptical  analysis  of what's  going  on isn't  up to the task  of dampening  down  the spread  of lies.
[00:33:20.830]
And I mean , maybe  there's  some  other  variable  here  that  accounts  for it. But it's amazing  to me how 
much  of this  is borne  of simply  the choice  over  a business  model . Well , I think  this  is, to me, the most 
important  aspect  of what  the film  hopefully  will do is right  now  we're  living  in the shattered  prism  of a
shared  reality  where  we're  each  trapped  in a separate  shaft . And  like you said , when  you look  over  at
someone  else  and  say, how  can  they  believe  those  crazy  things ?
[00:33:50.500]
How  can  they  be so stupid ? Aren't  they  seeing  the same  information  that  I'm seeing ? And  the answer 
is they're  not seeing  the same  information  that  you're  seeing . They've  been  living  literally  in a
completely  different  feed  of information  than  you have , and  that's  actually  one  of the other , I think ,
psychological , not so much  vulnerabilities , but we did not evolve  to assume  that  every  person  you
would  see physically  around  you would , inside  of their  own  mind , be actually  living  in a completely 
different  virtual  reality  than  the one  that  you live in.
[00:34:17.500]
So nothing  from  an evolutionary  perspective  would  enable  us to have  empathy  with  the fact  that  each 
of us have  our own  little  virtual  reality  in our own  minds  and  that  each  of them  could  be so
dramatically , not just  a little  bit so dramatically  different . Because  another  aspect  you mentioned when  you brought  up cults  at the beginning  of what  you said  was  the power  of groupthink  and  the
power  of an echo  chamber  where  many  of what's  going  on, many  of the things  that  are going  on in
conspiracy  theory  groups  on Facebook , I mean , the pandemic  video  spread  actually  through  a
massive  network  of Kuhnen  groups .
[00:34:48.020]
There's  actually  been  a capturing  of the new  spirituality  and  sort  of in psychedelics  type  community 
into the human  world .
[00:34:54.610]
Interestingly , which  I thought  these  people  made  acid . Yeah , that's  doesn't  sound  like a good  addition 
to an already  mad  world . But I think  if we zoom  out, it's like the question  is who's  in control  of human 
history  right  now ? Are human  beings  authoring  our own  choices ? Or by the fact  that  we've  ceded  the
information  that  feeds  into  three  billion  people's  brains  meant  that  we have  actually  ceded  control  to
machines  because  the machines  control  the information  that  all all three  billion  of us are getting .
[00:35:23.950]
It's become  the primary  way  that  we make  sense  of the world . And  to jump  ahead  of mind , read  some 
of the skeptics  out there , some  people  saying , well , hold  on a second , weren't  there  filter  bubbles  and 
narrow  partisan  echo  chambers  with  Fox  News  and  MSNBC  and  people  sticking  with  those  channels ?
Yes, that's  true . But I would  ask people  to question , where  are the editorial  departments  of those 
television  channels  getting  their  news  from ?
[00:35:44.710]
Well , they're  just  living  on Twitter , and  Twitter's  algorithms  are recommending , again , that  same 
partisan  echo  chamber . Back  to you. If you follow , as you had  Rene  D'Arista  on your  podcast , who's  a
dear  friend  and  amazing  colleague  talking  about  how  radicalization  spreads  on social  media . And  she
worked  back  in the State  Department  in twenty  fifteen  where  they  noticed  that  if you followed  one  ISIS
terrorist  on on Twitter , the suggested  user  system  would  say, oh, there's  suggested .
[00:36:09.180]
You might  want  to follow , and  it gives  you 10 more  suggested  ISIS  terrorists  for you to follow .
Likewise , if you were  a new  mom , as she was  several  years  ago  and  you joined  some  new  mom 
groups , specifically  groups  for like making  your  own  baby  food , kind  of a do it yourself  organic  moms 
movement . Well , Facebook's  algorithm  said , well , hold  on, what  are other  suggested  groups  we might 
show  for you that  tend  to correlate  with  users  in this  mom  group  that  keeps  people  really  engaged ?
[00:36:33.030]
And one  of the top recommendations  was  the anti  vaccine  conspiracy  theory  groups . And  when  you
join one  of those , it says , well , those  groups  tend  to be also  in these  criminal  on groups  and  chem 
trails  groups  and  the flat earth  groups . And  so you see very  quickly  how  these  tiny little  changes , as
they  say in the journal , says  in the beginning  of the film , the business  model  of just  changing  your 
beliefs  and  identity , just  one  percent , changing  the entire  world , one  percent  is a lot.
[00:36:56.580]
It's like climate  change , quite  literally , right , where  you only  have  to change  the temperature  a tiny bit
and change  the basis  of what  people  are believing . And  it changes  the rest  of reality , because , as you
know , from  confirmation  bias , when  you have  a hammer , everything  looks  like a nail. And  technology 
is laying  the foundation  of hammers  that  are looking  for specific  kinds  of nails . Once  you see the
world  in a paranoid  conspiratorial  lens , you are seeing  you're  looking  for evidence  that  confirms  that 
belief  and  that's  happening  on all sides  is really  a thing  that's  happened  to all of us.
[00:37:24.910]
This  is why  my biggest  hope , really , in the global  impact  of the film , and  this  is not a marketing  push .
It's really  a a social  impact  push . Like  I genuinely  am concerned  that  there  may  be no other  way  to put
Humpty  Dumpty  back  together  again  than  to show  the world  that  we have  created  that  we need  a new
shared  reality  about  that  breakdown  of our shared  reality .[00:37:44.800]
There  are many  aspects  to the ad model , and  I think  people  can  get it. It doesn't  take  much  work  to
convince  people  as we've  I hope  we have  begun  to hear  that  the shattering  of shared  reality  is a
problem , at minimum , a political  problem . I mean , whether  it's a social  problem  for you, you know , out
in the world  or in your  primary  relationships  to see the kind  of hyper  partisanship  we see now  and  the
and the inability  to converge  on an account  of basic  facts  that  could  mitigate  that  partisanship , I think 
people  feel  that  that  is a kind  of assault  on democracy .
[00:38:25.690]
And then  when  you add  the piece  that  bad  actors  like the Russians  or the Chinese  or anyone  can 
decide  to deliberately  game  that  system . I mean , just  the knowledge  that , you know , Russia  is actively 
spreading  black  lives  matter  information  and  pseudo  information  so as to heighten  the anguish  and 
polarization  on that  topic  in America . I mean , that  just  the fact  that  we've  built  the tools  by which  they 
can do that  and  they  can  do it surreptitiously . Right . We don't  see who's  seen  these  ads .
[00:38:56.950]
Right . You  don't  see the the 50000  people  who  were  who  were  targeted  in a specific  state  for a
specific  reason  that  is new  and  sinister . And  I think  people  can  understand  that . But when  you're  we're
talking  about  the problem  with  sharing  information  or using  our information  in these  ways .
[00:39:16.480]
And I think  we should  get clear  about  what's  happening  here , because  this  is a distinction  several 
people  make  in the film . It's not that  these  platforms  sell our data  or they  don't  really  sell our data .
They  gather  the data , they  analyze  the data . And  what  they  sell are more  and  more  accurate 
predictions  of our behavior  to advertisers . Right . And  the ability  to and  as they  gets  more  refined , you
really  have  a as close  as we've  ever  come  to advertising  being  a kind  of sure  thing .
[00:39:49.090]
Right . Where  it really , you know , it really  works . And  and  even  there  are people . I think  most  people .
Won't  necessarily  care  about  that , because  if you tell them , listen , the thing  you really  thought  you
wanted  and  went  out and  bought , you were  played  by the company , the company  placed  an ad with 
Facebook  and  Facebook , delivered  it to you because  you were  the perfect  target  of that  ad. I think  the
person  can , at the end  of the day, own  all of that  process  and  say and  just  subsume  it with  their 
satisfaction  at having  bought  the thing  they  they  now  actually  want .
[00:40:28.250]
So, yeah , I actually  but I want  I wanted  a new  Prius . Right . I mean , that's  it was  time  I needed  a new 
car. I think  there's  some  whether  it's confabulating  or not, there's  some  way  in which  they  don't 
necessarily  feel  violated . And  I think  when  I think  people  think  they  care  about  privacy , but we don't 
really  seem  to care  about  privacy  all that  much . I mean , we care  about  convenience  and  we care 
about  money  at bottom .
[00:40:53.150]
Nobody  wants  to pay for these  things . No one  wants  to pay for Facebook . They  don't  want  to pay for
Twitter . They  don't  want  to pay for most  of what  happens  on the Internet . And  they're  happy  to be
enrolled  in this  psychological  experiment  so that  they  don't  have  to pay for anything . And  that's  and 
the dysfunction  of all of that  is what  we're  trying  to get across  here . But it's I'm always  amazed  that 
it's you focus  on it and  parts  of this  monstrosity  begin  to disappear .
[00:41:20.420]
You know , it's like it's very  hard  to keep  what  is wrong  with  this  in view  every  moment  all at once . And 
so maybe  for the moment , let's  just  focus  on, you know , information  and  privacy  and  and  the ad
model  and  just  how  we should  think  about  it.
[00:41:36.470]
Well , when  we talk  about  the advertising  model , you know , people  tend  to think  about  the good  faith uses , like you're  talking  about  a Prius  or a pair  of shoes . What  this  means  is the geopolitical  world  or
three  information  warfare  that  it's happening  right  now  because , you know , like I say often  is, you
know , while  we've  been  obsessed  with  protecting  our physical  borders  as a country , we've  left the
digital  border  wide  open . I mean , if Russia  or China  tried  to fly a cruise  missile  or a bomber  plane  into 
the United  States , they'd  be blasted  out of the sky by the Pentagon .
[00:42:06.170]
But when  they  try to fly an information  bomb  into  the United  States  in our virtual  infrastructure  of
Facebook , they're  met  by a white  glove  that  says , yes, exactly  which  zip code  in which  African-
American  subdistrict  would  you like to target ?
[00:42:17.720]
And that  that  is the core  problem . We are completely  unprotected  when  it comes  to the virtual 
infrastructure .
[00:42:24.470]
So if you go to the the roads  and  the air and  the telephone  telephone  lines  that  we we use here  in this 
country , they're  completely  escaped  from , you know , Russia  or China . But when  most  of the activity 
happening  in our country  happens  in a virtual  digital  online  environment , you know , as Marc 
Andreessen  says , software  is eating  the world , meaning  software  and  the digital  world  are consuming
more  and  more  of the physical  world  and  the physical  ways  that  we use to get around  in the physical 
conversations  we used  to have .
[00:42:50.510]
That  digital  environment  is basically  the big five tech  companies . It's all happening  through  the
landscape  of YouTube , ticktock , Facebook , et cetera . And  how  does  an empire  fall? You  know , you
use the power  of an empire  against  itself . You  know , after  World  War  two , you know , we had  all these 
nukes  and  the big powers  couldn't  do conventional  wars  with  each  other . So they  had  to use subtler 
methods , plausible  deniability , proxy  wars . You'd  be waging  economic  warfare , diplomatic  warfare .
[00:43:16.220]
But if you were  Russia  or Iran  or Turkey , you know , and  you don't  want  to see the US in a position  of
global  dominance , would  you do a forward  facing  attack  on the country  with  all the nukes ? You  know ,
obviously  not. But would  you take  the already  existing  tensions  of that  country  and  turn  the enemy 
against  himself ? That's  what  Sun  Tzu  would  say to do. You  know , that's  what  China's  military  strategy 
would  say to do. And  Facebook  just  makes  that  a trillion  times  easier .
[00:43:39.140]
So, you know , if I was  China , I would  want  extreme  right  and  extreme  left groups  to proliferate  and 
fight  each  other . And , you know , we know  that  this  is basically  happening  and  this  has  been  stoking 
up groups  on all sides . You  know , I can  go into  your  country  and  create  an army  of bots  that  look  just 
as indistinguishable  from  regular  people . If I'm China , I'm running  ticktock . And  I can , you know ,
manipulate  the political  discourse  in your  country  with  the fact  that  I have  three  hundred  million 
Americans , you know , on my service , I might  even  be bigger  than  that  incorrectly .
[00:44:04.850]
So I think , you know , the advertising  model  isn't  just  that  it enables  these  good  faith  users . I think 
people  have  to recognize  the amount  of manipulated  and  deceptive  activities  that  are almost , like you
said , untraceable . I mean , the fact  that  I'm saying  all this  to you and  the listeners  out there  would 
sound  like a conspiracy  theory  until , you know , the researchers  who  are tracking  these  things ,
because  if you're  if you're  just  looking  at your  own  feed , I'm living  in California .
[00:44:26.630]
I'm not actually  part  of a targeted  group . So I don't  really  see these  things . And  it's actually  invisible  to
me, anybody  who  is. So, again , our psychological  vulnerabilities  here , technology  is not allowing  us to
empathize  with  people  who  are closest  to being  harmed  by these  systems .[00:44:42.170]
Yeah , OK. So I think  people  can  get the central  fear  here , which  is that  it seems  at best  difficult , more 
likely  impossible  to run a healthy  democracy . On bad  information , I mean , if we can  do it for a few 
years , we probably  can't  do it for a century . Something  has  to change  here . We can't  be feeding 
everyone  lies or half  truths , different  lies and  different  half  truths  all at once , 24 hours  a day, year  after
year , and  hope  to have  a healthy  society .
[00:45:20.870]
Right . So that's  a discernable  piece  of this  problem  that  I think  virtually  everyone  will understand . And 
then  when  you add  the the emotional  valence  of all these  lies and  half  truths , people  get that  there's  a
problem  amplifying  outrage . Right ? I mean , the fact  that  the thing  that  is most  captivating  to us is the
feeling  of ingroup  outrage  pointed  outward  toward  the outgroup  for whom  we have  contempt  growing
into hatred . That's  the place  we are so much  of the time  on social  media  that  runs  the, you know , the
gears  of this  machinery  faster  than  than  any other  emotion .
[00:46:06.110]
And whatever  the you know , if that  changes  tomorrow , if it turns  out that , you know , sheer  terror  is
better  than  outrage , well , then  the algorithm  will find  that  and  it will be amplified  terror . But the thing 
that you have  to be sure  of is that  it's contained  in the very  word , you know , a dispassionate  take  on
current  events  is never  going  to be the thing  that  gets  this  this  machinery  running  hottest . Right . And 
so I think  people  can  get that .
[00:46:35.840]
But when  we talk  about  possible  remedies  for this  problem , then  I really  think  it is hard  to see a path 
for so many  ways  to come  at. If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to
subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense 
podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the
conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app . The  Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies
entirely  on listener  support .
[00:47:11.370]
And you can  subscribe  now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.450]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the podcast . If
you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , there  you'll  find  our
private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only  content . And  as
always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the podcast , so if you can't 
afford  a subscription , there's  no option .
[00:00:37.650]
And Sam  Harris  dug  to request  a free  account . And  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No
questions  asked . OK, no housekeeping  today . I will jump  right  into  it. Today , I'm speaking  with  James 
Doty . James  is a professor  of neurosurgery  at Stanford  University  and  the director  of the Center  for
Compassion  and  Altruism  Research  and  Education . He is also  a philanthropist  who  has  funded  health
clinics  throughout  the world  and  has  endowed  scholarships  and  chairs  at multiple  universities .
[00:01:12.900]
And he also  serves  on the board  of a number  of nonprofits . And  as you'll  hear , he has  a very  unusual 
background . He grew  up in real  poverty  and  faced  a number  of challenges  and  seemed  by no means 
guaranteed  to succeed  in life. But as you can  hear , he has  accomplished  quite  a lot. So we talk  about 
how  he did that  and  how  we might  better  understand  and  facilitate  the human  capacity  to overcome 
obstacles  and  bring  more  compassion  into  our lives  and  to generally  make  the world  a better  place .
[00:01:49.840]
And now  I bring  you James  Doty . I am here  with  James  Doty . Jim , thanks  for joining  me. It's a
pleasure  to be with  you. Thanks  for having  me. We're  going  spent  a lot of time  talking  about  how  you
came  to be the Jim  Doty  who's  who's  now  speaking  with  me. But tell me how  you summarize  what 
you're  up to now .
[00:02:14.510]
I'm a professor  of neurosurgery  at Stanford . Probably  more  germane  for our conversation  as I'm the
founder  and  director  of the Center  for Compassion  and  Altruism , which  is part  of the School  of
Medicine  and  of which  the Dalai  Lama  is actually  the founding  benefactor . And  I'm also  an inventor 
and entrepreneur  and  philanthropist  at times . And  I have  really  an interest  actually  in what  drives 
people  to be good , if you will.
[00:02:46.730]
OK, well , let's  begin  at the beginning . You've  written  a very  poignant  memoir  into  the Magic  Shop ,
which  covers  your  childhood , which  really  is not the usual  childhood , or I can  only  imagine  it's not the
usual  childhood  for someone  who  who  has  the breadth  of your  your  life experience  at this  point . I
mean , your  memoir  is it's almost  like a fairy  tale  of challenges . I mean , just  it entailed  an incredible 
amount  of stress . In your  earliest  years , your  father  was  an alcoholic .
[00:03:20.810]
Your  mother  was  clinically  depressed  and  often  suicidally  depressed . And  then  you had  this 
transformation  based  on an encounter  you had  in a magic  shop , literally  a magic  shop . So let's  talk 
about  how  you began  this  journey  of yours  in life. How  would  you describe  your  childhood  and  what 
happened  in the magic  shop ? Sure . Well , of course , when  a child  grows  up in poverty  with  a father 
who's  an alcoholic , a mother  who's  had  a stroke , partially  paralyzed , clinically  depressed , the big
factor  is that .
[00:04:04.020]
In some  ways , you're  in a war  zone  all the time  because  you never  know  what's  going  to happen . You 
know , I wouldn't  know  whether  my father  was  going  to not come  home  or come  home  drunk  or
whether  I would  come  in from  school  and  my mother  would  be passed  out from  an overdose  and  I
would  have  to call an ambulance . So, of course , when  you grew  up in that  type  of an environment , it's
quite  chaotic . And  as you know , there's  something  called  adverse  childhood  experiences .[00:04:33.030]
And this  is essentially  a technique  where  you sort  of collect  these  events  that  a child  lives  with 
growing  up poverty , drug  and  alcohol  abuse , mental  illness , et cetera . And  the higher  the number . The 
less likely  that  child  is going  to, if you will, succeed  by societal  norms  and  more  likely  that  the child 
themselves  will have  drug  and  alcohol  abuse  and  mental  illness  and  a variety  of other  obvious 
negative  events  happen  in their  life. And  at the age  of 12, I was  filled  with  hopelessness , despair ,
anger , and  obviously  it was  affecting  me.
[00:05:15.460]
And in fact , I was  becoming  a juvenile  delinquent  and  I had  had  an interest  in magic . And  what  would 
happen  is when  an event  would  happen  at home , that  was . Not  particularly  pleasant , I would  get on
my stingray  bike  and  ride  as far away  as possible , and  on one  of those  adventures  I happened  by a
strip  mall  and  at the strip  mall  was  a magic  store , which  I went  into . And  the thing  was  that  when  I
walked  in, of course , my interest  was  in magic  in the store .
[00:05:49.290]
And there  was  a woman  sitting  there  who  had  long  flowing  gray  hair  and  her glasses  on the tip of her
nose  and  a chain  around  her glasses  reading  a paperback . And  she looked  up at me and  she had  this 
really  extraordinarily  radiant  smile . And  I asked  her about  the magic  that  I was  interested  in. And  she
said , well , I don't  know  anything  about  this . This  is my son's  store . I'm just  here  for the summer . But
this led us really  to a conversation  that  ended  up being  quite  deep  and  one , frankly , which  I wasn't 
used  to.
[00:06:24.240]
And the reason  the conversation  happened  was  because  this  is a person  who  made  me feel 
psychologically  safe . I wasn't  fearful  of her. I wasn't  fearful  that  I was  being  judged . And  she actually 
spoke  to me as if I was  an equal  and  that  my opinion  actually  meant  something , which  for a child 
from  my background  was  somewhat  unusual .
[00:06:49.740]
Yeah . So, I mean , we'll  talk  about  meditation  and  compassion  and  all of these  interests  that  you and  I
have  in common . And  you're  obviously  your  connection  to training . The  mind  was  initiated  in in this 
dialogue  with  with  Ruth  in the magic  shop . But what  she was  teaching  you was  not in some  ways  it
was kind  of a standard  meditation  practices , but in other  ways  that  it wasn't . How  would  you
summarize  what  she taught  you there ? Well , I think  there  were  four  parts  and  and  I have  to tell you, I
mean , when  she offered  over  the period  of the six weeks  to meet  with  me and  if you will train  me,
which  isn't  really  what  she called  it, but I actually , you know , had  some  concerns  even  about  showing 
up.
[00:07:43.390]
And I showed  up not because  I had  self-awareness  or insight . I showed  up because  she was  giving 
me cookies . And  frankly , I had  absolutely  nothing  else  to do.
[00:07:52.510]
But I did show  up. And  the first  thing  she taught  me, which  is a technique  that  now  we would  call a
body  survey  and . And  a breathing  technique , and  I did not appreciate  that  when  you're  stressed  and 
you're  anxious  and  your  mind  is all over  the place , that . With  intention  and  doing  this  technique  of
relaxing  the body  and  then  slowly  breathing  and  and  releasing  your  breath  really  had  a profound 
physiologic  effect . This  was  in 1968 . And  of course , terms  like mindfulness  or meditation  or
neuroplasticity  were  certainly  not commonly  used  at all.
[00:08:36.020]
And after  a few  weeks  of doing  this  practice , I felt in some  ways  much  calmer . And  it was  interesting 
because  while  the first  few  weeks  I didn't  really  notice  anything  as I did it more , I did notice 
something . And  but one  of the things  I was  having  challenges  with  was  as I did this  and  sat with  my
own  silence , I would  have  this  negative  dialogue  going  on in my head . And  it was  one  that  said  I
wasn't  good  enough , I wasn't  smart  enough , etc.[00:09:13.850]
, etc. . And  what  she explained  to me was  that  that  dialogue  was  not truth . And  that  negative 
commentary , if you will, sticks  to us because  they're  the things  that  potentially  put it at risk and  that , in
fact, that  negative  commentary  could  be changed . And  this  is what  she called  training  the mind  or
taming  the mind  and  basically . It's what  we would  now  call self  compassion , this  technique  that  has 
been  advocated  by Kristin  Neff  and  others  to be kind  to yourself .
[00:09:54.630]
I realized  that . I was  always  beating  myself  up and  blaming  myself  for my situation  and  so with  that 
technique  and  she described  it as listening  to a radio  station , if you will, that  you could  change  it. I
changed  it from  one  of negativity  to one  of self  affirmation  and  self  acceptance , and  that , in fact , I
was worthy . I did tell people  that  when  you make  these  types  of negative  comments  to yourself , it's as
if you're  laying  these  bricks  down  that  are creating  a self-imposed  prison  and  very  much  giving  your 
power  away  or agency  away  to change  things  in your  life.
[00:10:42.410]
Because  every  time  you say I can't , it's not possible . The  reality  is that  and  I did not even  understand 
that at the time . And  so by changing  that  dialogue  was  extraordinarily  helpful  to me for a couple 
reasons . One  is many  of us have  a shadow  self  that  we don't  want  to admit  to and  things  that  we
don't  like about  ourselves , things  that  discuss  this  about  ourselves , our failings  and . For many  people ,
they  have  a tendency  to try to push  it away  from  them  or hide  it somewhere  and  it doesn't  go away ,
and in fact , when  you're  troubled  or have  difficulties , that's  when  it shows  itself .
[00:11:27.310]
And this  is where  you can  relate  it to addiction  when  you're  particularly  stressed  that  addiction  comes
out. And  so she taught  me to accept  that  as a part  of me and  don't  deny  it and  just  be aware  of it. And
the other  thing  is that  because  I was  so critical  of myself , it made  me hypercritical  of everything  and 
everyone  around  me. And  what  I found  is that  because  of that , when  I interacted  with  others  or tried 
to accomplish  something , I would  take  a negative  view  of it.
[00:12:05.110]
And what  I didn't  appreciate  is that  human  beings  have  this  unique  ability  to intuit  emotional  states 
from  facial  expressions , voice  intonation , body  habitus , even  smells . And  when  you carry  yourself  in
that fashion , people  don't  want  to be around  you or they  shy away  or they're  not open  and  they're  not
generous .
[00:12:27.060]
Hmm . And  as a result , what  I tell people  is that  when  I changed  how  I looked  at myself  and  it changed 
how  the world  interacted  with  me, the other  side  effect  of that  was  that  I cared  a lot of anger  and 
hostility  towards  my personal  situation , my parents . And  of course , that  was  not fruitful  in any way .
And what  happened  was  that  I was  able  to see them  in a much  different  way .
[00:13:04.510]
I saw  them  as human  beings  who  had  their  own  pain  and  suffering , and  the tools  that  they  had  to deal
with  them  were  not effective  at all, you know , hiding  your  pain  behind  alcohol  or, you know , taking  pills
to get rid of the pain  and  hoping  that  it would  keep  it away  isn't  helpful . And  I in some  ways  forgave 
them  and  accepted  the situation , not trying  to hope  the situation  would  be different . And  that  change 
in perspective , which  I think  is important  in a lot of these  practices , is really  very , very  important .
[00:13:46.690]
Well , she taught  you something  else  in the magic  shop , which  on the surface  can  sound  pretty 
spooky . I mean , it's in line with  what  you just  described  generically  in terms  of changing  your  concept 
of yourself . She  asked  you to list what  you want  in life and  to visualize  yourself  having  it to really 
inhabit  the person  who  already  has  these  things , whether  it's great  wealth  or great  success , or you
had a list of things  which  was  fairly  adorable  for a 12 year  old, I mean , including , you know , having  a
Porsche  and  a Rolex .[00:14:24.250]
But she wanted  you to not see it from  the outside , but really  see it from  the inside  and  to practice  this 
visualization  that  that  really  this  is a fait accompli , you're  guaranteed  to arrive  at the desired  station  in
life. And  what  you need  to do now  is inhabit  the the psychology  of that  and  make  it real  for yourself .
And, you know , as you walk  a line in your  description  of this , that  is to my eye on the right  side  of
rational  here , because  there's  a rational  way  to understand  how  this  can  benefit  a person .
[00:14:57.250]
But it could  also  just  tip in to sounding  like the secret . I don't  know  if you remember  that . Oh, no, that 
book  and  that  movie , the movie  by the name  that  is the appropriate  target  of opprobrium  at the center
of New  Age , irrationality . But the idea  that  if you just  visualize  things  or think  it's true  or assert  that  it's
true, it will become  true  whether  it's, you know , attaining  wealth  or losing  weight  or anything  else .
[00:15:19.060]
But, you know , describe  to me how  you think  about  the power  of visualizing  certain  outcomes  and 
how  that  enforces  change  in one's  basic  neurology  or one's  associated  behavior  and  the kinds  of, you
know , opportunities  that  present  themselves  in life.
[00:15:39.550]
Sure . No, I think  you're  right . I will be frank  with  you. I'm not a fan of the secret  or the Clestine 
prophecies , et cetera . You  know , I don't  believe  that  there's  a magic  external  power  and  we just  need 
to tap into  it and  everything  will be wonderful .
[00:15:59.070]
What  I do believe  and  in some  ways  I said  earlier  is that . Each  of us has  extraordinary  power . We just 
don't  realize  it and , you know , negative  self  dialogue  limits  that  power .
[00:16:15.770]
What  she taught  me and  what  I realize  is that  when  you utilize  your  senses  and  I think  we see this 
now , sports  psychology , you know , people  think  about  the athletic  event , they're  going  to do it over 
and over  and  over  again . And  the reality  is, as an example , you know , it's been  shown  in a variety  of
studies  that  when  you think  about  as an example , lifting  weights , you actually  increase  to a small 
degree  your  muscle  mass  just  by thinking  about  it.
[00:16:43.640]
And when  you repeat  something  in your  head  over  and  over  and  over  again , it starts  setting  down 
neural  pathways . And  when  you utilize  all your  senses  to do that , you write  it down , you read  it, you
verbalize  it, you think  about  it, et cetera , et cetera . Then  I would  say that  if there  is a possibility  of it
happening , that  is the best  technique  to help  that  manifest . And  I'll give  you an interesting  example .
As a neurosurgeon , of course , I see a lot of patients  who  have  variety  of conditions , but most  of the
patients  who  see me will say something  like, wow , doctor , I've never  heard  of that .
[00:17:27.590]
And then  I see them  a few  months  later  and  they  go, you know , it's the most  amazing  thing  since  we
talked  about . I found  that  I have  that  I've run into  five people  who , in fact , do have  that . And  the reason
is, is because  you have  put a subconscious  primer  out there  and  they're  now  attuned  to that . And  in
many  ways , this  is like the technique  that  Ruth  taught  me. I put into  my subconscious  this  idea , this 
possibility , this  potential  opportunity , and  then  I am attuned  to events  that  will allow  that  to occur .
[00:18:06.960]
I don't  know  if you've  seen  the book  by a guy named  Bob  Nese . It's called  The  Power  of 50 Bits . I
know . Well , the premise  is as follows  is that  we have  about  six to 10 million  sensory  inputs  happening
every  second , but we're  really  only  able  to process  about  50 or 100 . And  so when  you put these  things
into your  subconscious , in some  ways  you're  creating  a folder  with  that  thing  in it that  sits out there .
And that's  one  of the things  that  you're  going  to pay attention  to.[00:18:41.960]
But it's not necessarily  on a conscious  level . And  I think  that  is how  you're  able  to have  these  things 
manifest . But it's not, you know , praying  to a power  and  hoping  it happens . There's  actually  a process 
here . And , you know , if you look  at the placebo  effect , if you look  at how  different  individuals  are able 
to make  things  happen  as an example , of course , we know  monks  who  can  control  their  heart  rate  or
their  body  temperature .
[00:19:14.120]
All of these  things  are available  to us. It's how  do you get access  to it and  what's  the best  way  to get
access  to it, to have  it manifest ? Yeah , well , there's  a fact  here  which  explains  a lot of this , and  it's that
the brain  on some  level  doesn't  know  the difference  between  what's  real  and  what  is merely  a
simulation . I mean , the brain  is a kind  of simulation  machine  and  the dreaming  brain  and  the waking 
brain  share  a fair amount  of real  estate  apart  from  their  frontal  reality  testing  mode  that  kind  of goes 
offline  when  you're  dreaming .
[00:19:52.730]
So to visualize  something  vividly  is not nothing  for the brain , right ? It is. You  are training  something 
and there  are many  levels  of this  phenomenon  we can  witness , you know , some  deliberate  and  some 
not. I mean , the change  you noticed  in your  patients , you know , everyone  has  noticed  it in their  lives 
when  they  decide  they're  they're  looking  for a new  car or they're  looking  for a new  anything , that  class 
of objects  in the world  suddenly  becomes  super  salient  to them .
[00:20:23.030]
And they're  noticing  that  brand  of car, that  type  of dog  or or anything  else  that  they  have  suddenly 
become  interested  in. They're  noticing  that  thing  everywhere . And  it looks  like there's  been  a change 
in the frequency  out in the world . But no, it's just  you're  just  filtering  based  on that  class  of
information , it should  be very  easy  to see how  negative  self  concepts  become  a kind  of self-fulfilling 
prophecy . If you think  you're  the kind  of person  who  isn't  good  at parties , can't  socialize  effectively 
with  people , a person  who  no one  likes .
[00:20:55.110]
Well , if that's  your  self  talk , you can  imagine  just  what  your  ramifying  in relationship  with  people  out in
the world  and  the way  that  becomes  self-perpetuating  and  the opposite  obviously  can  become  the
case . And  what  you're  describing  as a practice  of kind  of seizing  the reins  deliberately  and 
jumpstarting  a virtuous  cycle  of self  fulfillment  and  just  changing  your  self  concept .
[00:21:22.220]
No, I think  that's  exactly  right . And  you know , what's  so unfortunate  is that  this  is free  and  available  to
everyone . And  what's  unfortunate  is, as you point  out, people  get into  these  cycles  of these  negative 
emotional  states  and  ruminate  on them . And  again , unfortunately , it just  reinforces  that . Again , I was 
fortunate  in that  with  Ruth's  intervention , if you will, that  changed  everything . And  it made  me see the
issue  wasn't  me. The  issue  was  my negative  self  talk .
[00:21:59.810]
And once  I got over  that  and  truly  believed , if you will, of infinite  possibilities , then  that  allowed  a
whole  series  of events  to happen .
[00:22:10.770]
Well , so then  you went  on to go to college . As improbable  as that  seemed , given  your  background  and
it really  did seem  improbable , even  even  with  all your  visualisations , you sort  of barely  got an
application  in hand . And  then  you not only  went  to college , you went  on to become  a neurosurgeon .
Let's  talk  for a few  minutes  about  the choice  to become  a neurosurgeon . I, I actually , you know , have  a
as you know , a PhD  in neuroscience , but I don't  know  too many  neurosurgeons .
[00:22:42.770]
Well , I mean , I know  a few . But in terms  of actual  friends  who  are neurosurgeon , so what  I know  about
the culture  of neurosurgery  is from  the outside . I remember  reading  this  book  a while  back  when  theair hits  your  brain . And  if you ever  read  this  book  by Bertus , you know , I don't  know  how  faithfully  he
captures  the culture , but he really  does  paint  the culture  of neurosurgeons  as a kind  of culture  of
gunslingers  and  frat boys .
[00:23:11.780]
It seems  to be a specialty  that  selects  for a kind  of high  testosterone  arrogance . And  you and  your 
you know , certainly  in your  residency , as you were , as your  visualizations  were  actually  working , there 
was a fair amount  of arrogance  that  came  online  for you. Tell  me what  it was  like to become  a
neurosurgeon  and  how  you view  that  field  of expertise .
[00:23:33.890]
Well , I would  say that  over  the last  number  of years , the that  has  changed  somewhat , but. But you're 
you're  right , I mean , this  is a group  of people  and  who  are comfortable  with  somebody's  life in their 
hands , realizing  that  false  move  can  destroy  someone's  life. And  with  that  power , in some  ways , for
many  people , comes  a sense  of arrogance  and  a belief  of infallibility . And  and  so, of course , the
system  selects  for those  types  of people .
[00:24:14.750]
The other  interesting  thing  about  it is, of course , not only  do you have  to be intelligent , hopefully  you
have  good  judgment  and  technical  abilities . That's  not always  the case , but the thing  for many  of
these  people  is most  decided  they  were  going  to be a neurosurgeon . I mean , literally  in high  school  or
early  in college . And  it was  this  driving  force  that  made  them  want  to be a neurosurgeon . My situation
was quite  a bit different  in that  I was  actually  interested  in plastic  surgery , specifically  in caring  for
children  who  had  craniofacial  deformities  and  I thought  being  a neurosurgeon .
[00:24:57.670]
Would  be helpful  for that  I realized  I wasn't  that  interested  in general  surgery , which  is usually  the path
to then  to a fellowship  in plastic  surgery . So I was , if you will, very  late  to the game . And  it was  never  a
burning  desire  of mine  to be a neurosurgeon  for the typical  reasons , so my view  was  somewhat 
different . But I would  also  suggest . It's an extraordinarily  demanding  specialty , and  I tell people , if
there  is absolutely  nothing  else  you can  imagine  yourself  doing , that's  great , become  a neurosurgeon .
[00:25:36.350]
Otherwise , if there's  anything  that  interests  you beyond  that , you should  do that , because  this  is a lot
of hours  and  hours  of training .
[00:25:45.380]
I mean , neurosurgery  is now  seven  years . Certainly  if you're  going  into  academics  or many  people , just
regardless  to a fellowship  of one  to two  to three  years . So, you know , ten, ten years  down  the road 
from  college . And  it's a specialty  that  requires  intense  focus , an immense  amount  of diligence  and ,
frankly , heartache . Nothing  is, you know , more  painful  than  to, you know , have  to tell someone  that 
their  loved  one  either  was  devastated , didn't  survive .
[00:26:20.630]
You weren't  able  to do what  you were  going  to do now . Interestingly , I know  colleagues  who  for them ,
those  types  of statements  are just  another  day at work  and  it's like, you know , water  on a duck's  back .
For me, I take  it much  more  personally . Hmm , yeah , I can  hear  so yeah , I wanted  to ask you about  that 
because , you know , obviously  we're  now  getting  to the topic  of compassion . And  I was  wondering 
how  much  your  experience  as a surgeon , which  really , again , from  the outside  of any kind  of surgeon 
bag, I think  a neurosurgeon  is maybe  the ultimate  example  of this  and  a pediatric  neurosurgeon .
[00:27:05.420]
And one  of your  the beginning  of your  memoir  puts  us in the E.R.  where  you're  operating  on a brain 
tumor  in a child . I just  can  imagine  having  those  conversations  with  parents , you know , who  are
understandably  in extremis . I mean , this  is the height  of a fear  of uncertainty  before  surgery . And 
obviously , in those  cases  where  it goes , well , that  has  to be a joy second  to none . But when  it doesn't 
go well , that  has  to be truly  harrowing .[00:27:40.490]
You just  raised  the topic  that  I was  wondering  about , if compassion  and  again , we need  to talk  about 
compassion , define  it and  differentiate  it from  other  states  of mind . But before  we get there , I'm just 
wondering  if compassion  is the only  tool  you need  to navigate  moments  like that  or if if there's 
something , you know , less  ideal . I mean , I can  imagine  there's  there's  almost  a kind  of benevolent  or
fortuitous  psychopathy  that  comes  online  for many  surgeons  where  it's just  like this  is just  the job.
[00:28:12.530]
Right . You  can't  take  this  to heart  every  time  or even  generally  because  this  will destroy  you if you're 
moved  around  too much  by the outcomes  here . And  it sounds  like some  surgeons  do this  to a fault .
They  are kind  of checked  out emotionally  around  the reality  of the situation  for the parents  or for the
patients . How  do you view  the the range  of emotions  that  are ideal  in this  circumstance ? And  how  do
you how  do you navigate  that ?
[00:28:43.250]
Well , it's interesting  because  it is a broad  range . There's  a subset  of people  who , frankly , may  be on
the Asperger's  spectrum  who  there  are great  technicians  there . They  know  the literature , et cetera , et
cetera . They  have  no emotional  connection . And  it is a job and  they  do the job and  then  they're  gone .
And of course , if you're  talking  about  a doctor  patient  relationship , there  isn't  one . And  I've even  had 
people  say, well , I know  he you know , he's  not very  nice  and  he's  abrupt  and  brusque  and  arrogant , but
he's a good  surgeon .
[00:29:20.450]
OK, and  then  you have , you know , the other  extreme  where  someone's  highly  engaging , very  sensitive 
and connected  and  suffers  with  you. But the key is to be able  to understand  the limits  of your  abilities .
And as long  as you can  tell yourself , I prepared  and  did the best  I can , then  there's  no more  of a
discussion . That's  all you can  do and  you're  OK. And  I think  in my mind , of course , that  would  be the
ideal  situation .
[00:29:58.100]
As in my book , I talked  about  a woman  who  was  an opera  singer  who  had  an aneurysm , which  is a
dilatation  of a blood  vessel  in the brain  near  her speech  area  and  asked  me to operate  on her. And  by
this time  she had  seen  a few  other  people . We had  become  friends . And  when  I had  the aneurysm 
exposed  and  really  literally  it truly  was  about  to rupture , you could  see the blood  swirling  in in the
aneurysm  because  it was  so it was  paper  thin .
[00:30:29.990]
And during  that  moment , I started  thinking  about  her. Versus  the technical  aspects  of doing  that  job,
and my hands  started  shaking  to the point  where  I had  to stop  and  actually  go into  a meditation  to
essentially  become  a technician  and  displace  my emotional  connection  to her out of the picture . And 
once  I was  able  to do that , I was  then  able  to effectively  treat  her and  she did fine . And  that's  really 
one of the few  instances  where  connecting  with  their  humanity  does  not allow  you to do your  job.
[00:31:14.460]
And that  is a job of being  a technician .
[00:31:17.550]
Well , let's  talk  about  I think  I do want  to touch  on your  kind  of the other  side  of your  career , where  you
you've  been  an entrepreneur  and  someone  who  has , you know , run a company  and  had  kind  of
interesting  adventures  in in wealth  and  philanthropy . Well , jump  to that  after  we talk  about 
compassion  and  how  you came  to focus  on it and  just  what  it is. How  did compassion  first  become  a
primary  focus  of yours ? And  what  is it how  do you think  about  it as a a mental  state  and  capacity ?
[00:31:51.900]
Well , on some  level , I. It was  always  there , I just  didn't  quite  understand  what  it meant , but what  had 
happened  was  at one  point  I had  left Stanford  and  I had  been  intimately  involved  with  Stanford  since , Ithink  97, but I had  left to run an entrepreneurial  company . Then  the dotcom  crisis  came  and  I used  to
consult  for setting  up, if you will, neuroscience  centers  of excellence  and  went  to a hospital  in
Mississippi . And  ultimately  agreed  to actually  go there  to build  this  program  for them , but during  that 
time .
[00:32:31.970]
I had  an experience  with  a a child  who  was  not cared  for adequately  and  as a result  had  an infection 
in his brain  and  an abscess , and  his parents  waited  too long  to bring  him  in. And  he even  with  my best
efforts , he died . But it put me into  a period  of reflection  about  all of these  things . And  when  I went 
back  to Stanford , I decided  to explore  this  a little  more  and  try to understand  it.
[00:33:00.620]
And interestingly , when  I initially  talked  to my colleagues  at Stanford  in Psychology  and  neuroscience ,
actually , I was  told  that  the academic  exploration  of compassion  was  a dead  end  and  that  if anyone 
made  that  the center  of their . Academic  endeavors , they  were  not going  to go very  far. The  fortunate 
thing  was  that  I had  some  financial  resources  which  allowed  me to fund  what  we initially  called 
Project  Compassion , which  brought  a group  of psychologists  and  neuroscientists  together . And  we
started  the journal  club  looking  at the literature  and  then  did some  studies .
[00:33:45.130]
And really  it was  evident  that  actually  these  practices  or if you will, the nature  of compassion  was 
quite  profound  in regard  to how  it affects  your  emotional  state , how  it can  affect  your  physiology  and 
a whole  variety  of both  brain  and  peripheral  physiology  measures .
[00:34:08.740]
And this  led to the creation  ultimately  of a compassion  cultivation  training  program , which  we did
some  studies  on, and  also , I think  led to some  interesting  studies . And  and  then , of course , over  time 
and I think  if you look  over  the last  12 to 15 years , this  idea  of the importance  of compassion 
combined  with  our already  significant  interest  in mindfulness  practices  really  is one  of the things  that 
are at the forefront . I mean , years  and  years  ago  when  we started  this , you would  talk  about 
compassion .
[00:34:45.370]
And for many  people , it was  completely  pooh  poohed , especially  by the corporate  community ,
because  it's looked  at as a form  of weakness . You  know , people  run over  you if you're  too nice , if
you're  compassionate . And  I think  now  people  recognize  that  it is, in fact , extraordinarily  powerful .
Yeah . So let's  talk  about  what  the mental  state  is, because  it's often  conflated  with  empathy  and 
sympathy  and  pity, and  it needs  to be differentiated  even  from  something  that's  integral  to it,
something  like loving  kindness .
[00:35:19.120]
It also  gets  operationalized  differently  in different  studies  so that  the neuroscience , as far as I can  tell,
is still a little  fuzzy  because  some  studies , they're  done  in irreconcilable  ways . I mean , it's some  ask
people  just  to generate  the state  of love  and  kindness , essentially  without  any stimuli , and  then  some 
present  subjects  with  images  of human  suffering  to which  they  they  respond . And  so I think  that , at
least  in my view , the generic  definition  of compassion  is loving  kindness  in the presence  of suffering 
worse  or human  suffering  or animal  suffering  is taken  as its object .
[00:35:58.540]
And it includes  this  desire , this  motivation  to alleviate  the suffering  of others . It has  a few  things 
bundled  in here . It is directly  cognizant  of suffering . So it has  a kind  of cognitive  empathy , but it
doesn't  have  the same  kind  of emotional  contagion . It's not like you're  sad  when  the object  of your 
compassion  is sad  or you're  depressed  when  the object  of your  compassion  is depressed . It's a highly
prosocial  and  and  even  positive  emotion . I mean , it's not morbid .
[00:36:30.040]
It's not a a state  of collapse . You're  not feeling  diminished  psychologically  by proximity  to thesuffering  of others . In fact , it's an expansive  state  that  has  the feeling  tone  of loving  kindness . But it
has this  extra  topspin  of wanting  to respond  to the suffering  of others  by alleviating  that  suffering .
Does  that  make  sense ?
[00:36:54.580]
Yeah , I think  you're  exactly  right . I think , you know , if you were  to make  a graph  and  you put agency 
and effort  on one  and  you put understanding  and  engagement  on the other , sort  of in the downward 
left corner  would  be pity. And  this  is I'm sorry  for you or and  it's invariably  related  to I'm superior  to
you. I appreciate  your  situation . It has  nothing  to do with . Empathy  or anything  else , it simply  has  to
do with  you recognizing  it and  it you know , you feel  bad  for them  but doesn't  reply  imply  you're  going 
to do anything  for them ?
[00:37:31.300]
While  sympathy  is less  than  empathy , it's eye on a cognitive  level , if you will. Understand  that  you're  in
pain  and  I feel  for you, but it requires  no agency  per say, well , empathy  is actually , you know , taking  on
the emotional  state  of another  ad, but it has  no valence . It can  you can  have  empathic  joy and  that 
can feel  very  good . Or as maturer  card  will describe  who  is a Buddhist  monk  who  I'm sure  you
probably  know , he says , when , you know , I take  on pain  and  feel  for the others  pain , it is so painful  to
myself  that , you know , I can  barely  stand  it.
[00:38:20.350]
Compassion  is different  in the sense  that  it is associated  with  suffering . It requires  your  take  on that 
emotional  state , but you have  a very  strong  motivational  desire  to alleviate  that  suffering . And  I think 
that's  really  the key there , is that  you are motivated  to alleviate  that  suffering . Now , interestingly , Jamil
Sakey , who  wrote  a book  on kindness  recently , says  empathy  is the same  as compassion  or he uses 
them  interchangeably . He and  I have  had  some  discussions  about  that , but I think  some  people  do
have  a tendency  to use that , but I would  not use it that  way .
[00:39:00.750]
Yeah , the terminology  here  is uncertain  enough  that  even  my friend  Paul  Bloom  could  write  a book 
against  empathy , differentiate  in two  different  types  of empathy . One  of which  I agree  with  him , is not
a good  guide  for moral  deliberation , which  is again , just  more  than  pure  emotional  contagion  side  of
it, which  is, you know , just  being  taken  in by suffering  and  feeling  it as your  own , but in a way  that  is
causing  you to actually  not be able  to respond  effectively  or even  think  rationally  about  what  would 
help .
[00:39:34.980]
You know , their  problem  has  become  your  problem . And , you know , you're  you're  yet another  drowning
person  who  doesn't  know  how  to swim  and  needs  to be rescued . Yes . So then  how  did you get
connected  with  the Dalai  Lama  and  other  Buddhists  in this ? Yeah , so and  this  may  sound  like magical 
thinking , and  I hate  to do that  to you. I was  involved  in this  work  with  these  scientists  and  we had 
begun  some  initial  research  studies  and  we were  thinking  about  having  a conference .
[00:40:08.760]
And I was  walking  through  the Stanford  campus  one  day. And  again , literally  an image  of the Dalai 
Lama  came  into  my head . And  frankly , I had  zero  interest  in the Dalai  Lama , persay , and  more 
interestingly , my wife  was  a huge  fan and  in fact , she had  bought  tickets  for us to go to an event . And 
I actually  refused  to go because  it didn't  interest  me. But for some  reason , this  image  stayed  in my
head  and  I decided  that  it would  be good  to invite  the Dalai  Lama  to this  conference  that  we were 
thinking  about  doing .
[00:40:49.610]
And he had  been  at Stanford  once  previously . Discussing  addiction  and  craving . And  I tracked  down 
the person  in Buddhist  studies  who  had  invited  him  and  then  connected  him  to one  of His Holiness's 
translators  who  had  a Ph.D.  from  Cambridge  and  was  former  monk  and  took  the Jinpa . Exactly . Yes .
Yes. And  and  Jinpa  then  arranged  for this  meeting .[00:41:20.240]
And and  so at this  meeting  and  it's always  interesting  how  things  go, because  it was  just  me with  this 
idea . But when  I was  meeting  with  the Dalai  Lama , we had  the dean  of the medical  school , the
associate  dean , you know , it became  an entourage  and  we met  with  him  and . His Holiness , as you
know , was  very  interested  in neuroscience  and  was  very , very  interested  in this  topic  and  was 
immediately  engaged  in our 15 minute  conversation , ended  up that  was  scheduled , ended  up being  an
hour  and  a half .
[00:41:57.670]
And at the end  of it, he began  a very  animated  conversation  with  Thupten  Jinpa .
[00:42:03.190]
And I thought  actually  I'd somehow  irritated  or, you know , made  the Dalai  Lama  angry , which , of
course , is a very  embarrassing  thing  to do.
[00:42:12.730]
That  would  be a feat  that  I would  take  that  as a feather  in your  cap .
[00:42:16.300]
Yes, on top of it, although  I have  seen  him  angry . Yeah . But at the end  of this  animated  dialogue , Chen 
turned  to me and  he said . His Holiness  is so moved  by this  effort  that  he wants  to make  a
contribution  and  at that  moment  he made  the largest  donation  to a non  Tibetan  cause  he had  ever 
made , which  shocked  everyone  there .
[00:42:42.800]
And I was  quite  overwhelmed  and  moved  myself . And  then  shortly  thereafter , two  other  individuals 
made  significant  donations  and  that  actually  created  the center .
[00:42:54.770]
Nice . Nice . And  how  much  time  have  you spent  around  him  since ? Have  you met  him  on multiple 
occasions ? Yes , actually  many  occasions  in different  parts  of the world . I've spent  time  with  him  and 
have  chatted  with  him . Ultimately , I also  became  chairman  of the Dalai  Lama  Foundation  for several 
years . So I was  fairly  involved  with  him . And  it's interesting  because  we're  talking  about  emotional 
states . I can  understand  why  people  want  to be near  him . And  in some  ways  it's like what  Ruth  offered
me, which  is.
[00:43:34.120]
Unconditional  acceptance  and  love  without  qualification . And  very  few  people  actually  give  that  out in
a in an interaction  with  them . And  when  you're  in his presence , what  I tell people  is that . In modern 
society , which  is different  than  how  we lived  a few  hundred  years  ago , a few  hundred  years  ago , we
lived  in a village , we typically  had  multiple  generations  in the village . Everyone  knew  you from  the time
you were  a child  of growing  up. You  didn't  move  away .
[00:44:08.240]
You had  incredible  support  system . You  had  a community . And  that  community  is extraordinarily 
important  to your  mental  and  physical  health , I think . And  in modern  society , we don't  have  that  at all.
You don't  have  your  parents  around , you don't  have  your  siblings , you don't  have  loved  ones  in
proximity . And  so as a result , we have  a tendency  to create  these  shields  that  we carry  around , which 
are the ones  that  say, I'm this , I'm that  I've accomplished  this , et cetera , et cetera , et cetera .
[00:44:39.980]
But there's  no true  authenticity  that  is ever  released . And  when  you're  with  somebody  like the Dalai 
Lama , you know  immediately  that  you were  unconditionally  accepted  and  loved . And  it's really  quite 
profound  because  when  that  happens , it's almost  as if this  weight  is lifted  off of you and  this  natural 
joy and  exuberance  about  being  alive  in some  ways  is released . And  so I think , you know , when  you
look  at people  who  strive  to be near  these  types  of individuals , you can  perfectly  understand  why  it is
still somewhat  mysterious  to explain .[00:45:23.330]
But it is it's a genuine  phenomenon . I have  spent  a lot of time  with  great  meditation  masters . And , you
know , I spent  some  considerable  time , albeit  briefly  focused  over  the course  of a month  with  the Dalai
Lama . I met  him  on a number  of occasions , but I strangely  got to be one  of his bodyguards  or for a
trip through  France . So he he was  he was  on a teaching  tour  of France . And  for whatever  reason , I got
to be part  of the Buddhist  retinue .
[00:45:56.900]
That  was  the buffer  between  the real  security  guards . When  he's  in France , he or at that  point  he got,
you know , their  version  of Secret  Service  protection , something  he did not get in the United  States .
And so there  were  like four  guys  with  guns  who  are, you know , really  protecting  him . But then  there 
was this  buffer  of essentially  students  of meditation . And , you know , people  sat three  year  retreats  in
France  with  various  lamas  and  there  may  be 12 of us.
[00:46:23.810]
And ironically , you know , we had  the most  conflict  with  the general  public  because  we were  the buffer 
between  the real  bodyguards  and  and  the public . It was  a surreal  experience  to walk  into  a room  more
or less  continually  focused  on what  could  go wrong , who  was  untrustworthy , just  basically  radiating 
bad vibes  of of suspicion  everywhere . And  to have  over  your  shoulder  the Dalai  Lama  beaming 
unconditional  acceptance  and  love  and  just  general  ease . And  it was  I must  say, it was  a bad  job,
certainly  not where  one  wanted  to be in one's  thinking  alongside  him , but is where  one  had  to be.
[00:47:05.630]
I mean , because  he really  does  he did have  security  concerns . And  it's amazing  the number  of weird 
people  who  show  up when  his presence  is announced  somewhere . But it would  it gave  me a chance 
to spend  some  time  with  him  and  see what  he was  like again  and  again  and  again , mingling  with 
strangers  of all sorts . And , yeah , he's  he's  a very  impressive  person  in that  way . He does  have  a kind 
of laser  focus  on just  connecting  with  people , you know , you know , albeit  very  briefly .
[00:47:37.520]
I mean , he'll  walk  into  the lobby  of the hotel  lobby  for people . If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this 
podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of
the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and 
Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app . The  Making  Sense  podcast  is
ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe  now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the podcast . If
you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . There  you'll  find  our
private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only  content . And  as
always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the podcast .
[00:00:34.980]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris  Digg  to request  a free  account 
and we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . Welcome  to the Making  Sense 
podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . OK, no housekeeping  today . Today , I'm speaking  with  Nina  Shick , Nina  is
an author  and  broadcaster  who  specializes  in how  technology  and  artificial  intelligence  are reshaping 
society . She  has  advised  global  leaders  in many  countries , including  Joe  Biden , and  she's  a regular 
contributor  to Bloomberg  Sky, CNN  and  the BBC .
[00:01:17.610]
Nina  speaks  seven  languages  and  holds  degrees  from  Cambridge  University  and  University  College 
London . And  her new  book  is Deep  Fakes , which  explores  the terrain  we're  about  to discuss . We talk 
about  the epidemic  of misinformation  and  disinformation  in our society  now  and  the coming  problem 
of deep  facts , which  is when  you imagine  it in detail , fairly  alarming . We get into  the history  of Russian
active  measures  against  the West , the weaponization  of the migrant  crisis  in Europe , Russian 
targeting  of the African-American  community , Trump  and  the rise  of political  cynicism .
[00:01:57.870]
Q And  on the prospect  of violence  surrounding  the presidential  election  and  other  topics . Anyway , this
is all scary  stuff , but Nina  is a great  guide  through  this  wilderness . And  now  I bring  you Nina  Schick . I
am here  with  Nina  Shick , Nina , thank  you for joining  me. Thanks  for having  me, Sam . We have  a lot to
talk about . You  have  a very  interesting  background , which  I think  suggests  many  common  interests 
and kind  of overlapping  life trajectories .
[00:02:36.180]
I don't  think  we're  going  to really  get into  that  because  you you have  produced  so many  urgent 
matters  in your  in your  recent  book  that  we need  to talk  about . But to get started  here , what  is your 
background  and  personally , but also  just  what  you're  focusing  on these  days  that  gives  you a an
expertise  on the topics  we're  going  to talk  about ?
[00:02:55.320]
Well , it's a really  interesting  and  crazy  story , one  that  could  only  happen  in the 21st  century . I'm half 
German  and  I'm half  Nepalese .
[00:03:04.470]
My father  was  a German  criminal  defense  lawyer  who  in the 70s  decided , you know , he was  going  to
seek  spirituality  and  travel  east  and  took  his car through  and  a few  books  and  did that  big journey  that
a lot of young  people  did back  in the 70s  through  Afghanistan , India , and  then  ended  up in Nepal ,
which  at this  time  was  still this  hermetic  kingdom , fell in love  with  it and  met  my mother  there  briefly 
after  a decade  or so.
[00:03:31.560]
And basically  my mother  came  from  this  totally  different  universe .
[00:03:35.370]
She grew  up in Nepal  as a member  of this  community  in a Himalayan  tribe , had  no running  water  or
electricity  shoes  when  she was  growing  up. And  because  she met  my father , you know , they  fell in
love and  they  kind  of decided  to have  us.
[00:03:49.290]
My brother  and  myself  and  I grew  up in Kathmandu  in the 80s , in the 90s .[00:03:53.430]
And then  eventually  I came  to the UK to go to university  and  I went  to Cambridge  and  UCL .
[00:04:00.090]
And my kind  of discipline  is really  in history  and  politics .
[00:04:03.780]
I've always  been  fascinated  by history  and  politics , and  especially  at this  time  when  the geopolitical 
sands  seemed  to be shifting  in such  a dramatic  way .
[00:04:12.090]
So my career  over  the last  10 years  has  really  been  working  at the heart  of Westminster  as a policy 
analyst , a journalist  and  an advisor  on some  of the key geopolitical  shifts  around  the European  Union .
[00:04:24.990]
So this  includes  the kind  of what  happened  with  Russia  and  the invasion  of Ukraine  in 2013 ,
subsequently  the EU's  migrant  crisis  in 2015 .
[00:04:35.160]
Then  obviously , I was  very  tied  into  the work  here  in the UK around  Brexit . I was  helping  to advise  the
government  on that  in 2016 .
[00:04:43.350]
Then , of course , the election  of Trump  in 2016 .
[00:04:46.320]
Then  I went  on to advise  Emmanuel  Machen's  campaign , which  was  also  interestingly  hacked  by the
Russians , and  find  they  got to a point  in twenty  eighteen  where  I was  working  with  the former  NATO 
secretary  general  and  he convened  a group  of global  leaders , which  included  Joe  Biden , and  he
wanted  to look  at how  the 2020  election  might  be impacted  by what  we had  seen  in 2016  and  how  the
new kind  of threats  were  emerging .
[00:05:16.320]
And this  is really  where  I came  to debates , and  that  is really  the starting  point  for my book .
[00:05:21.420]
So I have  this  background  in geopolitics , politics , information  warfare , and  my area  of interest  is really
how  the exponential  changes  in technology , and  particularly  I are rewriting  not only  politics , but
society  at large  as well .
[00:05:37.470]
So, yeah , you are a citizen  of the world . I mean , that's  quite  amazing . Did you grow  up speaking  Nepali
and German ? Yeah .
[00:05:44.790]
I mean , I grew  up with  four  languages , so Nepali , German , Tamang , because  my mother  is from  an
ethnic  minority  group  in Nepal , which  actually  is closely  related  to Tibetans .
[00:05:59.010]
So Tamang  is a completely  different  language .
[00:06:01.470]
So Nepali , German , Tamang  and  Hindi  because  everybody  in Nepal  speaks  Hindi . Yeah , India  is the big
brother  on the border .
[00:06:08.140]So that  was  you know , it's something  I wish  I could  give  my daughter  as well .
[00:06:13.230]
I live in the UK now  and  most  people  in the UK, you know , we speak  English .
[00:06:18.120]
That's  it. Yeah . All too well , I can  hear . So your  your  English  portrays  none  of that  colourful  backstory .
It's quite  amazing . So, yeah , I know  we have  common  interests  in the kinds  of things  that  brought  your
father  to Nepal  in the first  place  and  the meditation  and  forming  a philosophy  of life that  is aimed  at
deeper  levels  of wellbeing  than  than  is often  attained  by people . But with  such  a colossal  mess  to
clean  up in our society  now  with  with  how  our information  ecosystem  has  been  polluted  and 
deranged , that  I think  we're  just  going  to eat or do another  podcast  on the happy  talk  of what  we could
share  when  we get past  these  increasingly  terrifying  dangers  and  self-inflicted  wounds .
[00:07:07.200]
I mean , it's really  it's amazing  to see how  much  of this  is our own  doing . And  we'll  talk  about  bad 
actors  and  people  who  are consciously  using . Our technology  against  us to really  destroy  the
possibility  of of living  in an open  society , but so much  of this  is a matter  of our entertaining  ourselves 
into a kind  of collective  madness  and  what  seems  like it could  be, you know , a common  social 
collapse . I realize  that  if you're  not in touch  with  these  trends , you know , if anyone  in the audience 
who  isn't  this  kind  of language  coming  from  me or anyone  else  can  sound  hyperbolic , but we're  really 
going  over  some  kind  of precipice  here  with  respect  to our ability  to understand  what's  going  on in the
world  and  to converge  on on a common  picture  of a shared  reality , because  we're  in the midst  of an
information  war  and  it's being  waged  against  democratic  societies  by adversaries  like Russia  and 
China .
[00:08:08.640]
But it's also  a civil  war  that's  being  waged  by factions  within  our society  and  their  various  political 
cults . And  then  there's  the president  of the United  States  himself . All of this  is happening  on the back 
of and  facilitating  an utter  collapse  of trust  in institutions  and  a global  decline  in democracy . And 
again , we've  built  that  the very  tools  of our derangement  ourselves . And  in particular , I'm talking  about
social  media  here . Yes . Your  book  goes  into  this  and  it's organized  around  this  this  new  piece  of
technology  that  we called  Deep  Fakes .
[00:08:47.340]
And the book  is Deep  Fakes  the come  in InFocus  Lips , which  that's  not your  coinage . It's on the page 
is very  easy  to pass  when  you say it. It's hard  to understand  what's  being  said  there , but it's really 
you're  talking  about  an information  apocalypse . Just  remind  people  what  deep  fakes  are and  suggest 
what's  at stake  here  in terms  of of how  difficult  it could  be to make  sense  of our world  in the presence
of this  technology . Yes , absolutely .
[00:09:14.070]
So a deep  FAQ  is a type  of synthetic  media . And  what  synthetic  media  essentially  is, is any type  of
media . It can  be an image . It can  be a video . It can  be a text  that  is generated  by A.I. and  this  ability  of
A.I. to generate  fake  or synthetic  media  is really , really  nascent .
[00:09:36.030]
We're  only  at the very , very  beginning  of the synthetic  media  revolution .
[00:09:40.950]
It was  only  probably  in about  the last  four  or five years  that  this  has  been  possible  and  for the last  two
years  that  we've  been  seeing  how  the real  world  applications  of this  have  been  leaching  out from 
beyond  the research  community .
[00:09:55.740]
So the first  thing  to say about  synthetic  media  is that  it is completely  going  to transform  how  we
perceive  the world , because  in future , all media  is going  to be synthetic  because  it means  that anybody  can  create  content  to a degree  of fidelity  that  is only  possible  for Hollywood  studios  right 
now .
[00:10:18.180]
Right . And  they  can  do this  for little  to no cost  using  apps  or software , various  interfaces  which  will
make  it so accessible  to to anyone .
[00:10:29.410]
And the reason  why  this  is so interesting , another  reason  why  synthetic  media  is so interesting  is until
now , the best  kind  of computer  effects  CGI do. You  still can't  quite  get humans .
[00:10:43.110]
Right ? So when  you use CGI to do effects , when  you're  trying  to create  robotic  humans , it still doesn't 
look  like it's called , you know , uncanny  valley .
[00:10:51.600]
But it turns  out that  A.I., when  you train  your  machine  learning  systems  with  enough  data , they're 
really , really  good  at generating  fake  humans  are synthetic  humans , both  in images .
[00:11:02.880]
I mean , and  when  it comes  to generating  fake  human  faces .
[00:11:06.450]
So images , still images , it's already  perfected  that .
[00:11:10.290]
And if you want  to kind  of test  that , you can  go and  look  at this  person  does  not exist  dot com . Every 
time  you refresh  the page , you'll  see a new  human  face  that  to the human  eye. To you or me, Sam .
[00:11:20.700]
We'll  look  at that  and  we'll  think  that's  authentic  human , whereas  that  is just  something  that's 
generated  by a human  that  really  doesn't  exist .
[00:11:28.440]
And also  now  increasingly  in other  types  of media  like audio  and  film .
[00:11:35.970]
So I could  take  essentially  a clip of a recording  with  you, Sam , and  I could  use that  to train  my
machine  learning  system .
[00:11:43.440]
And then  I can  synthesize  your  voice  so I can  literally  hijack  your  biometrics . I can  take  your  voice 
synthesizer , get my I can  a machine  learning  system  to recreate  that .
[00:11:53.760]
I can  do the same  with  your  digital  likeness . Obviously , this  is going  to have  tremendous  commercial 
applications , entire  industries  are going  to be transformed . For example , corporate  communications 
advertising , the future  of all movies , video  games .
[00:12:12.660]
But this  is also  the most  potent  form  of mis  and  disinformation , which  are democratizing  for almost 
anyone  in the world  at a time  when  our information  ecosystem  has  already  become  increasingly 
dangerous  and  corrupt .
[00:12:27.320]
So the first  thing  I'd say about  synthetic  media  is it is actually  just  heralding  this  tremendous 
revolution  in the way  that  we communicate .[00:12:36.860]
The second  thing  I'd say is that  it's coming  at a time  when  we've  had  lots  of changes  in our
information  ecosystem  over  the past  30 years .
[00:12:44.510]
So, you know  that  society  hasn't  been  able  to keep  up with  from  the Internet  to social  media  to
smartphones .
[00:12:49.670]
And this  is just  the next  step  in that .
[00:12:51.620]
And then  the final  thing , this  is where  I come  to debates , is that  this  field  is still so nascent  and 
emerging  that  the taxonomy  around  it is completely  undecided  yet.
[00:13:01.730]
And as I already  kind  of pointed  out or touched  upon , there  will be legitimate  use cases  for synthetic 
media . And  this  is one  of the reason , reasons  why  this  cat is out of the bag .
[00:13:11.690]
There's  no way  we're  putting  it back  in because  there's  so much  investment  in the kind  of commercial 
use cases  ever  since .
[00:13:18.860]
I think  there's  almost  200  companies  now  that  are working  exclusively  on generating  synthetic  media .
[00:13:24.860]
So we have  to distinguish  between  the legitimate  use cases  of synthetic  media  and  how  we draw  the
line.
[00:13:31.130]
So I very  broad  brush  in my book  say that  the use and  intent  behind  synthetic  media  really  matters  in
how  we define  it. So I refer  to deep  faith  as when  a piece  of synthetic  media  is used  as a piece  of misr
disinformation .
[00:13:46.340]
And, you know , there  is so much  more  that  you could  delve  into  there  with  regards  to the kind  of the
ethical  implications  on the taxonomy .
[00:13:52.940]
But broadly  speaking , that's  how  I define  it. And  that's  my definition  between  synthetic  media  and 
deep  fakes . Well , so it may  as you point  out, all of this  would  be good , clean  fun if it weren't  for the
fact that  we know  there  are people  intent  upon  spreading  misinformation  and  disinformation  and 
doing  it with  a truly  sinister  political  purpose . I mean , not not just  for amusement , although  that  can 
be harmful  enough . It's something  that  state  actors  and  people  internal  to to various  states  are going 
to leverage  to further  divide  society  from  itself  and  increase  political  polarization .
[00:14:38.910]
But it's amazing  that  it is so promising  in the fun department  that  we can't  possibly  even  contemplate 
putting  this  cat back  in the bag . I mean , that's  just  that's  the problem  we're  seeing  on all fronts . It's so
it is with  social  media . So it is with  the the ad revenue  model  that  is selecting  for so many  of its
harmful  effects . I mean , we just  can't  break  the spell  wherein  people  want  the cheapest , most  fun
media  and  they  want  it endlessly .
[00:15:11.000]
And yet the the harms  that  are accruing  are so large  that  it's it's amazing  just  to see that  there's  just no there's  no handhold  here  whereby  we can  resist  our slide  toward  the precipice . Just  to underscore 
how  quickly  this  technology  is developing , in your  book , you point  out what  happened  with  the once 
Martin  Scorsese . He released  his film  The  Irishman , which  had  this  exceedingly  expensive  and 
laborious  process  of trying  to damage  its principal  actors , Robert  De Niro  and  Joe  Pesci .
[00:15:45.680]
And that  was  met  with  something  like derision  for the imperfection  of of what  was  achieved  there ,
again , at great  cost . And  then  very , very  quickly , someone  on YouTube  was  using  free  software , did a
nearly  perfect  DaGian  of the same  film . It's just  amazing  what's  happening  here . And  again , these 
tools  are going  to be free , right ? I mean , they're  already  free  and  and  ultimately  the best  tools  will be
free. Absolutely , so you already  have  various  kind  of software  platforms  online , so the barriers  to entry
have  come  down  tremendously  right  now .
[00:16:28.400]
If you wanted  to make  a convincing  fake  a video , you would  still need  to have  some  knowledge , some 
knowledge  of machine  learning , but you wouldn't  have  to be an expert  by any means .
[00:16:38.480]
But already  now  we have  apps  that  allow  people  to do certain  things  like swap  their  faces  into  scenes .
For example , we face  I don't  know  if you've  come  across  that  app . I don't  know  how  old your  children 
are.
[00:16:50.180]
But if you have  a teenager , you probably  come  across  that  you can  basically  put your  own  face  into  a
popular  scene  from  a film  like Titanic  or something .
[00:17:00.440]
This  is using  the power  of synthetic  media .
[00:17:04.070]
But experts  who  I speak  to on the generation  side , because  it's so hugely  exciting  to people  who  are
generating  synthetic  media , think  that  by the end  of the decade , any YouTube  to any teenager  will
have  the ability  to create  special  effects  and  film  that  are better  than  anything  a Hollywood  studio  can
do now .
[00:17:25.250]
And that's  really  why  I put that  anecdote  about  the Irishman  into  the book , because  it just 
demonstrates  the power  of synthetic  media .
[00:17:32.660]
I mean , Scorsese  was  working  on this  project  from  2015 .
[00:17:35.990]
He filmed  with  a special  three  camera .
[00:17:38.900]
He had  this  best  special  effects  artists , post-production  work , multi-million  dollar  budget .
[00:17:44.810]
And still the effect  at the end  wasn't  that  convincing ? It didn't  look  quite  right . And  now  one  YouTube 
free software  takes  a clip from  Scorsese's  film  in 2020 .
[00:17:55.490]
So Scorsese's  film  came  out in twenty  nineteen  this  year . He can  already  create  something  that's  far
more  when  you look  at it looks  far more  realistic  than  what  Scorsese  did.
[00:18:05.910]This  is just  in the realm  of video , as I already  mentioned , with  images . It can  already  do it perfectly .
There  is also  the case  of audio . There  is another  YouTube  of, for example , who  makes  a lot of the kind
of early  pieces  synthetic  media  have  sprung  up on YouTube . There  is a YouTube  called  Vocal 
Synthesis , who  uses  an open  sourced  model  to train  or trained  on celebrities  voices  so he can  watch 
something  that  he's  done  that's  gotten  many , many  views  on YouTube  as he's  literally  taken  audio 
clips  of dead  presidents  and  then  made  them  rap and  fuck  the police .
[00:18:47.410]
Ronald  Reagan , FDR , he is very  interesting .
[00:18:52.130]
This  is an indicator  of how  complex  these  challenges  are going  to be to navigate  in future , because 
another  thing  that  he did was  he took .
[00:19:02.740]
Z's voice  and  made  him  recite  Shakespeare  to be or not to be an interestingly  Jay record  label , filed  a
copyright  infringement  claim  against  him  and  made  him  kind  of take  it down .
[00:19:15.760]
But this  is really  just  a forebear  of the kind  of battles  we're  going  to see when  any anonymous  user 
this is can  take  your  likeness , can  take  your  biometrics  and  make  you say or do things  that  you never 
did.
[00:19:30.280]
And of course , this  is disastrous  to any liberal  Democratic  model , because  in a world  where  anything 
can be faked , everyone  becomes  a target . But even  more  than  that , if anything  can  be faked , including 
evidence  that  we today  see as an extension  of our own  reality . And  I say evidence  in quotation  marks ,
video , film , audio , then  everything  can  also  be denied .
[00:19:56.020]
So the very  basis  of what  is reality  starts  to become  corroded .
[00:20:01.720]
Of course , reality  itself  remains . It's just  that  our perception  of reality  starts  to become  increasingly 
clouded . So what  are we going  to do about  this ?
[00:20:11.260]
Again , we're  going  to we're  going  to get into  all of the evidence  of just  how  aggressively  this  will be
used , given  everything  else  that's  been  happening  in our world . We'll  talk  about  Russia  and  Trump  and
Kuhnen  and  other  problems  here . But many  of us can  dimly  remember  20 years  ago  before  covid ,
when  the Bush  audiotape  dropped  and  Trump  sort  of attempted  to deny  that  the audio  was  real  of
him on the bus , but we were  not yet in the presence  of such  widespread  use of deep  fake  technology 
that anyone  was  even  tempted  to believe  him .
[00:20:54.200]
We knew  the audio  was  real . Now , apparently , it didn't  matter , given  how  corrupted  our sense  of
everything  had  become  by that  point  politically . But we could  see the resort  to claiming  fakery  that  will
be relied  upon  by everyone  and  anyone  who  is committed  to lying , because  it'll be so much  of it
around  that  really  it's you know , it will be only  be charitable  to extend  the benefit  of the doubt  to
people  who  say, listen , that  wasn't  me.
[00:21:27.130]
That's  just  a perfect  simulacrum  of my voice  and  even  my face . But you actually  can't  believe  your 
eyes  and  ears  at this  point . I would  never  say such  a thing  in any of your  conversations  with  experts 
on this  topic  or any of them  hopeful  that  we will be able  to figure  out how  to put a watermark  on
digital  media  in such  a way  that  we will understand  its provenance  and  be able  to get to ground  truth 
when  it matters .[00:21:55.360]
So I think  the problem  of what  do we do about  it is so huge  that  ultimately  we can  only  fight  the
corroding  information  ecosystem  by building  society  wide  resilience .
[00:22:07.720]
But the solutions , if you want  to term  it that  way , broadly  fit into  two  categories . The  first  are the kind 
of technical  solutions .
[00:22:16.420]
So because  synthetic  media  is going  to become  ubiquitous  and  we as humans  will not be able  to
discern  because  of the fidelity , the quality , whether  it's real  or fake .
[00:22:29.290]
So you can't  rely on digital  forensics  in the sense  that  somebody  goes  through  and  clicks  and  looks  at
each  media  and  decides , oh, are the eyes  blinking  correctly ?
[00:22:38.620]
Do the ears  look  a little  bit blurred ? Because  these  are what  we do now , right ? Because  the generation
side of synthetic  media  is still so nascent , so we're  not going  to be able  to do that .
[00:22:49.180]
Second , the sheer  volume , when  you talk  about  at the scale  at which  you can  generate  synthetic 
media  means  that  humans  are never  going  to be able  to go through  it all, never  going  to be able  to
fact check  each  piece  of media .
[00:23:02.410]
So we have  to rely on. Building  the A.I. software  to detect , for example , defects  and  right  now  there  is
an interest  and  increasingly  there  are certain  experts  and  groups  who  are putting  money  into  being 
able  to detect  fakes .
[00:23:19.370]
However , the problem  is because  of the adversarial  nature  of the A.I. and  the way  that  it's trained ,
every  time  you build  a detector  that's  good  enough  to generate  to detect  the fake , the generation 
model  can  also  become  stronger .
[00:23:36.230]
So you're  in this  never  ending  game  of cat and  mouse  where  you know , the you you keep  on having  to
build  better  detectors .
[00:23:43.460]
And also  given  the various  different  models  and  ways  in which  the fakes  can  be generated , there's 
never  going  to be a one  size  fits all model . There's  a hypothetical  question  which  is open  still in the
research  community  about  whether  or not the fakes  can  become  so sophisticated .
[00:24:03.750]
So we already  know  they're  going  to be humans . They  already  basically  do.
[00:24:07.310]
But is there  a point  where  the fakes  become  so sophisticated  that  even  I and  II detector  can  never 
detect  in the DNA  of that  fake  that  it's actually  a piece  of synthetic  media ?
[00:24:17.630]
We don't  know  yet is the answer  to that . But I will say that  there  is far more  research  going  into  the
generation  side  because  like so much  in terms  of the information  ecosystem , the architecture  of the
information  ecosystem  in the information  age , it has  been  driven  by this  almost  utopian , flawed  vision
of how  these  technologies  will be serving  an unmitigated  good  for humanity  without  thinking  about how  they  might  amplify  the worst  sides  of human  intention  as well .
[00:24:48.590]
The second  side , and  you touched  upon  that  is building  provenance  architecture  into  the information 
ecosystem .
[00:24:55.850]
So basically  embedding  right  into  the hardware  of devices , whether  that's  a camera , mobile  phone , the
authenticity  watermark  to prove  that  that  piece  of media  is authentic .
[00:25:09.680]
You can  track  it throughout  its life to show  that  it hasn't  been  tampered  with  or edited . And  this  is
something  that , for example , Adobe  is working  on along  with  the on its content  initial  authenticity 
initiative .
[00:25:23.030]
So there  are. Technical  solutions  underway  both  inside  in terms  of the detection  and  the provenance 
side of the problem , however , ultimately  this  is a human  problem  to the extent  that . Disinformation  or
bad information  didn't  just  come  about  at the turn  of the millennium , it's just  that  we have  never  seen 
it at this  scale .
[00:25:49.010]
We have  never  seen  it this  potent  and  we have  never , ever  been  able  to see to have  it as accessible  as
it is now . So ultimately , this  is a human  problem .
[00:25:59.270]
There's  no way  we can  deal  with  the challenges  of our corroding  information  ecosystem  without 
talking  about  human , quote  unquote , solutions .
[00:26:06.570]
How  do we prepare  society  for this  new  reality ?
[00:26:09.950]
And we are way  behind . We're  always  reactive . Our reactions  are always  piecemeal .
[00:26:14.900]
And the biggest  problem  is the information  ecosystem  has  become  corrupt  to the extent  that  we can't
even  identify  what  the real  risks  are.
[00:26:24.320]
Right . We're  too busy  fighting  each  other  about  other  things  without  seeing  what  the real  existential 
risk is here .
[00:26:30.290]
Yeah , yeah . I mean , that  is a very  symptom  of the problem  itself . The  fact  that  we can't  even  agree  on
the nature  of the problem . There's  so much  disinformation  in the air. It makes  me think  that  one 
solution  to part  of the problem , I don't  think  it captures  all of it, but certainly  some  of the most 
pressing  parts  of it could  be solved  if we had  lie detection  technology  that  we could  actually  rely on.
Just  imagine  we had  real  time  lie detection  and  you could  go to the source .
[00:27:00.830]
You know , if some  awful  piece  of audio  emerged  from  me and  it purported  to be a part  of my podcast 
where  I said  something , you know , a reputation  cancelling . And  I said , well , that's  a fake . That  wasn't 
me. The  only  way  to resolve  that  would  be to tell whether  I'm lying  or not. We're  forcing  ourselves  into 
a position  where  it's going  to be a kind  of emergency  not to be able  to tell with  real  confidence 
whether  or not somebody  is is lying .[00:27:32.300]
So I think  we're  going  to in addition  to the arms  race  between  deep  fakes  and  deep  fake  identifying , I
think  this  could  inspire  a lie detection  arms  race  because  there's  so many  other  reasons  why  we
would  want  to be able  to detect  people  who  are lying . Having  just  watched  the presidential  and  vice 
presidential  debates  in America , one  could  see that  the utility  of having  a red light  go off over 
someone's  head  when  when  he or she knows  that  he or she is lying .
[00:28:02.300]
But if we can't  trust  people  and  we can't  trust  the evidence  of our senses  when  we have  media  of
them  saying  and  doing  things  convincingly  delivered  to us in torrents , it's hard  to see how  we don't 
drift off into  some  horrifically  dystopian  dream  world  of our own  confection . Absolutely .
[00:28:24.560]
And this  is really  why , you know , I wrote  the book .
[00:28:27.710]
I wrote  it in a way  that  was  very  accessible  to anyone  to pick  up and  zoom  through  an afternoon ,
because  I think  without  this  conceptual  framework  where  we can  connect  everything  from  Russian 
disinformation  to the increasingly  partisan  political  divide  in the United  States , but also  around  the
rest of the Western  world , and  understanding  how  now , with  the age  of kind , with  the age  of synthetic 
media  upon  us, how  our entire  perception  of the world  is going  to be changed  in a way  that  is
completely  unprecedented , how  we can  be manipulated  in the age  of information  where  we had 
assumed  that  once  we have  access  to this  much  information , that  surely  progress  is inevitable .
[00:29:19.910]
But to actually  understand  how  the information  ecosystem  itself  has  become  corrupt , I think  is the
first step . And  to be honest  with  you, I do tend  to think  that  things  will probably  get worse  before  they 
get better .
[00:29:34.250]
And I think  the US election  is a great  case  study  of that , because  it's almost  no matter  the outcome ,
right .
[00:29:41.720]
Let's  say that  Trump  loses  and  he loses  by a large  margin . You  know , that  he could  still refuse  to go,
even  if the Secret  Service  will come  and  take  his bags  and  ask him , please , Mr. Trump , there's  the
door .
[00:29:56.530]
He has  this  influence  now  where  a lot of his followers  genuinely  believe  that  he is, you know , the same
this kind  of savior  of America .
[00:30:08.000]
And if he asks  them  to take  arms  and  take  to the streets , I mean , this  is literally  already  happening 
right  now . Right .
[00:30:13.720]
You have  armed  insurrection , militia  kind  of patrolling  the streets  of the United  States  on both  the left
and the right  for their  political  grievances .
[00:30:22.270]
So if Biden  wins , let's  say Trump  goes  quietly  and  Biden  wins , well , then  you still haven't  addressed 
the bigger  problem  of the pocalypse  where  the information  ecosystem  has  become  so corrupt  and  so
corrupted  and  the synthetic  media  revolution  is still upon  us.
[00:30:37.270]
So I I'm hopeful  that  we still have  time  to address  this , because , like I said , this  technology  is sonascent , we can  still try to take  some  kind  of action  in terms  of what's  the ethical  framework , how  are
we going  to adjudicate  the use of synthetic  media ? How  can  we digitally  educate  the public  about  the
risks  of synthetic  media ?
[00:30:58.900]
But it is a ticking  time  bomb  and  the window  is short .
[00:31:04.300]
As if to underscore  your  your  last  point  at the time  we're  speaking  here , there's  a headline  now 
circulating . The  13 men  were  just  arrested , including  seven  members  of a right  wing  militia  plotting  to
kidnap  the Democratic  governor  of Michigan , Gretchen  Whitmer , for the purposes  of inciting  a civil 
war. One  can  only  imagine  the kind  of information  diet  of these  militia  members . But this  is the kind  of
thing  that  gets  engineered  by crazy  information  and  pseudo  facts  being  spread  on social  media .
[00:31:36.910]
And this  is the kind  of thing  that , when  even  delivered  by a mainstream  news  channel , one  now  has  to
pause  and  wonder  whether  or not it's even  true , because  there's  been  such  a breakdown  of trust  in in
journalism  and  there's  so many  cries  of fake  news , both  cynical  and  increasingly  real . That  is just 
what  we're  dealing  with , a circumstance  of such  informational  pollution . Let's  talk  about  Russia's  role 
in all of this , because  Russia  has  a history  of prosecuting  what  they  call active  measures  against  us.
[00:32:13.900]
And we really  have  for a long  time  been  in the midst  of an information  war , which  is essentially  a
psychological  war . And  Russia  is increasingly  expert  at exploiting  the divisions  in our society ,
especially  racial  division . So maybe  you can  summarize  some  of this  history .
[00:32:33.190]
Yeah , I mean , I start  my book  with  Russia  because  I my career  intersected  a lot with  what  Russia  was 
doing  in Ukraine  in 2014  and  the kind  of information  war  they  fought  around , the annexation  of Crimea
and eastern  Ukraine , where  they  basically  denied  that  it was  happening  at all. And  the same  with  the
shooting  down  of MH 17.
[00:32:57.070]
This  was  the Malaysian  aircraft  that  was  shot  down  over  eastern  Ukraine , which  now  has  been  proven
to have  been  by Russian  military  services .
[00:33:05.860]
But at the time , they  were  saying  this  had  nothing  to do with  them  and  that  this  was  pro-Russian 
Ukrainian  separatists  who  had  shot  down  the airliner .
[00:33:14.860]
So what  Russia  did with  information  warfare  around  Ukraine , Crimea , around  Europe  in 2015 , when 
Putin  and  Assad  stepped  up their  bombardment  of civilians  in Syria , unleashing  this  mass  migration 
which  basically  led to the EU's  migrant  crisis  five years  ago .
[00:33:33.880]
I don't  know  if you remember  those  images  of people  just  arriving  at the shores , you know , and  some 
of them  were  refugees .
[00:33:43.030]
But as we now  know , you know , a lot of them  were  there  were  also  terrorists , economic  migrants , and 
how  that  almost  tore  Europe  apart  and  the information  war  that  Russia  fought  around  those  events 
where  they  perpetrated  these  stories  about , for example , girls  in Germany  who  had  been  raped  by
supposedly  raped  by arriving  migrants .
[00:34:07.180]
And stories  like this  legitimately  did happen . But this  story  was  completely  planted .[00:34:12.170]
So it's dividing  the line and  it's blurring  the line between  what's  real  and  fake . But what  was  also  very 
interesting  for me was  that  I worked  on or I studied  and  I worked  on the Russian  information 
operations  around  the US election  in 2016 .
[00:34:27.580]
And the first  thing  to say about  that  is to me, it's an it's a we can  see how  corrupt  the information 
ecosystem  has  become  to the extent  that  those  information  operations  have  become  a completely 
partisan  event  in America .
[00:34:41.170]
Right . Some  people  say that  Russia  is behind  everything  and  others . Deny  that  Russia  did anything  at
all, and  this  is just  nonsense , you know  for sure  the Russians  intervened  in the 2016  election  and  they 
continue  to intervene  in US politics  to this  day.
[00:34:58.070]
And I suppose  what  was  very  interesting  to me about  what  Russia  was  doing  was  how .
[00:35:04.980]
This  information  warfare  strategy , which  is old and  it goes  all the way  back  to the Cold  War , was 
becoming  increasingly  potent  with  the weapons  of this  modern  information  ecosystem .
[00:35:17.100]
And one  of those  was  social  media .
[00:35:20.190]
What  they  did in Ukraine  and  then  Europe  around  the migrant  crisis  and  then  around  the U.S.  election 
was influence  operations  on social  media , where  they  actually  posed , in the case  of the United  States 
as authentic  Americans . And  then  they  over  the years , by the way , this  wasn't  just  them  getting 
involved  in the weeks  running  up to the election . They  started  their  influence  operations  in the United 
States  in 2013 .
[00:35:46.470]
They  build  up these  tribal  communities  on social  media  and  built  up well , basically  played  identity 
politics , built  up their  pride  in their  distinct  identity . And  interestingly , this  wasn't  just  Russians 
targeting , you know , right  wing  kind  of Trump  supporters .
[00:36:07.950]
They  did it across  the political  spectrum .
[00:36:10.470]
And as a matter  of fact , they  disproportionately  focused  on the African-American  community .
[00:36:15.270]
So they  built  these  fake  groups , pages , communities  where  you in. You  imbue  them  with  your  distinct 
pride  in your  distinct  identity .
[00:36:26.100]
And then  as we got closer  to the election , those  groups  were  then  sporadically  injected  with  lots  of
political  grievances , some  of them  legitimate  to make  these  groups  feel  alienated  from  the
mainstream .
[00:36:37.110]
And again , the primary  focus  of their  influence  operations  on social  media  was  the African-American 
community  who  they  were  basically  targeting  so that  they  felt so disenfranchised  and  disconnected 
from  Hillary  America  at large  that  they  wouldn't  go and  vote  in the election .[00:36:53.790]
Right .
[00:36:54.600]
And what  has  happened  now  four  years  later  is that  those  operations  are still ongoing , but they've 
become  far more  sophisticated .
[00:37:02.250]
So in 2016 , it might  have  been  a troll  forum  in St. Petersburg , but in twenty  twenty  one  operation , that 
was earlier  this  year , which  was  revealed  through  CNN , Twitter , Facebook , a joint  investigation  was 
that the Russian  agency  which  was  in charge , which  is in charge  of the social  media  operations , it's
called  the Internet  Research  Agency  Eira , they  had  basically  outsourced  their  work  to Ghana , which 
they  had  set up what  was  what  looked  ostensibly  like a legitimate  human  rights  organization .
[00:37:35.250]
They  had  hired  employees  in Ghana , real , authentic  Canadians , and  then  told  them , you know , you're 
going  to have  to kind  of build  these  groups  and  communities .
[00:37:44.940]
And here  is basically  a same  Meems , the same  ideas  that  they  they'd  used  in 2016 . They  were 
basically  recycling  in 2020 .
[00:37:55.320]
So I start  with  Russia  because  what  is really  interesting  is that  their  strategy  of information  warfare  is
actually  something  called  is a phenomenon  where  they  flood  the zone  with  a lot of information , bad 
information  across  the political  spectrum .
[00:38:13.350]
So they're  not just  targeting , you know , Trump  voters , for example .
[00:38:16.950]
And this  chaos , this  bad  information , this  chaotic  information  has  the effect  where  it's called 
censorship . They  do censorship  through  noise . So this  chaotic , bad  information  overload  gets  to the
point  where  we can't  make  decisions  in our own  interest  of protecting  ourselves , our country , our
community .
[00:38:37.290]
And that  very  spirit  of information  warfare  has  come  to characterize  the entire  information 
ecosystem .
[00:38:45.450]
I mean , I start  with  Russia . I map  out how  their  tactics  are far more  potent .
[00:38:50.730]
But you cannot  talk  about  the corrosion  of the information  ecosystem  without  recognizing  that  the
same  chaotic  spirit  has  come  to imbue  our homegrown  debate  as well .
[00:39:03.340]
So I actually  think , you know , of course , the Russians  are intervening  in the U.S.  election  in 2020 .
What's  also  very  interesting  is that  other  rogue  and  authoritarian  states  around  the world  are looking 
at what  Russia  is doing  and  copying  them .
[00:39:16.230]
China  is becoming  more  like Russia , but this  is also  happening  at home .
[00:39:21.630]And arguably  the domestic  disinformation , misinformation  and  information  disorder  is far more 
harmful  than  anything  that  foreign  actors  are doing .
[00:39:31.920]
Yeah , I want  to cover  some  of that  ground  again , because  it's easy  not to understand  at first  past  just 
how  sinister  and  insidious  this  all is, because  the fact  that  we can't  agree  as a society  that  Russia 
interfered  in the 2016  presidential  election  is one  of the greatest  triumphs  of the Russian  interference 
in our information  ecosystem . The  fact  that  that  you have  people  on the. Left  over , ascribing  to
Russian  influence  causality , and  you have  people  on the right  denying  any interference  in the first 
place  and  the fact  that  each  side  can  sleep  soundly  at night  convinced  that  the other  side  is totally 
wrong .
[00:40:21.230]
That  is itself  a symptom  of how  polluted  our information  space  has  become , a kind  of singularity  on
the landscape  where  everything  is now  falling  into  it. And  it's it's happening  based  on the dynamics 
you just  sketched  out. Whereas  if you mingle  lies of any size  and  consequence  with  enough  truths 
and half  truths  or, you know , background  facts , that  suggests  a plausibility  to these  lies. Or at least 
you can't  you can't  ever  ascertain  what's  true . It leads  to a kind  of epistemological  breakdown  and  a
cynicism  that  is the goal  of this  entire  enterprise .
[00:41:01.940]
It's not merely  to misinform  people , which  is to say have  them  believe  things  that  are false . It is to
break  people's  commitment  to being  informed  at all because  they  realize  how  hopeless  it is. And  so
we all just  tune  out and  go about  our lives  being  manipulated  to who  knows  what  end . So, you know ,
some  of the history  which  you go through  in your  book  is relates  to the fact  that , you know , for a long 
ago, long  before  they  had  any tools  really  to work  with , you certainly  didn't  have  social  media .
[00:41:32.240]
The Russians  planted  the story  that  AIDS  was  a essentially  a bioweapon  cooked  up in a US lab, you
know , with  the purpose  of performing  a genocide  on the black  community . And  they  targeted  the
black  community  with  this  lie. And  to this  day, you know , a disproportionate  number  of people  in the
black  community  in the U.S.  believe  that  AIDS  was  made  in a lab for the purpose  of wiping  out black 
people . But the reason  why  that  was  so clever  is because  it has  an air of plausibility  to it, given  the
history  of the Tuskegee  experiments , the syphilis  experiments  where  African-Americans  who  had 
syphilis  were  studied  and  not given  the cure  even  once  the cure  penicillin  emerged .
[00:42:20.540]
They  were  then  studied  to the end  of their  lives  with  what  amounted  to the ethical  equivalent  of the
Nazi  cold  water  experiments , trying  to see the effects  of tertiary  syphilis  on people . And  it was  an
absolutely  appalling  history . And  it's in the context  of that  history  that  you can  make  up new 
allegations  that  should  seem  patently  insane . They're  so evil, but they  don't  seem  patently  insane ,
given  the points  of contact  to a surrounding  reality  that  that  is fact  based .
[00:42:55.880]
And so it is with , you know , the current  leveraging  of identity  politics  in the US where  they  create  Black
Lives  Matter  Facebook  groups  that  are fake . And  they  can  you know , I think  there's  there  was  one 
protest  in Times  Square  that  had  like 5000  or 10000  people  show  up and  it was  completely  fake . I
mean , that  the organizers  were  fake . You  know , there  were  Russians , there  was  no man  on the ground
who  was  actually  a real  leader  of the thing .
[00:43:24.200]
And people  went  to this  protest  never  realizing  that  they  were  characters  and  in somebody's 
dreamscape . Absolutely .
[00:43:33.170]
This  is why  it is so dastardly .[00:43:35.360]
And as you pointed  out, the Russians  or even  the Soviets  going  back  to the Cold  War  very  quickly 
identified  that  race  relations  as a sore  point  for the United  States .
[00:43:46.850]
And they  abused  that  to great  effect .
[00:43:50.360]
And the operation  infection , the lie that  you already  correctly  pointed  out, that  the CIA invented  the
HIV virus  as a way  to kill African-Americans  was  something  that  in the 1980s  took  about  10 years  to
go viral .
[00:44:07.460]
But when  it did, oh, boy, did it grab  a hold  of the imagination  to the extent  that  it still plays  a challenge 
when  you're  trying  to deal  with  HIV , public  health  policy  today , where  you have  communities , African-
American  communities , you disproportionately  believe  that  the HIV  virus  is somehow  connected  to a
government  plan  to commit  a genocide .
[00:44:30.110]
And in 2016 , I suppose  what  happened  is that  the strategy  was  the same .
[00:44:36.530]
Right ? We want  to play  identity  politics . We want  to hit the United  States  where  it hurts . We know  that 
race  is the dividing  factor .
[00:44:44.240]
But in 2016 , it became  so much  more  powerful  because  operation  infection , the HIV  lie, was  a single 
lie.
[00:44:52.550]
Whereas  in 2016  and  what's  happening  in 2020  is numerous  groups , communities , pages , where  it's
not only  about  spreading  one  lie, but it's actually  about  entrenching  tribal . Visions  entrenching  identity
politics  and  in the context  of what's  happened  in 2020 , very  interesting , some  of the other  kind  of
information  operations  that  have  come  out that  have  been  exposed  is unsurprisingly , given  your 
interest  and  kind  of the culture  wars  and  weakness .
[00:45:23.160]
Is that  a lot of kind  of. Unemployed  American  journalists  who  had  lost  their  job due  to covid  were  now
working  for a kind  of social  justice  oriented  left wing  news  news  network  in favor  of BLM , and  it
turned  out that  actually  that  entire  network  was  fabricated  and  the Russians  were  behind  it. So these 
unwitting  Americans  who  genuinely  have  good  intentions  are being  co-opted  into  something  that  is
actually  being  run by Russian  intelligence .
[00:45:56.240]
And I suppose  with  our information  ecosystem  right  now , it's so much  easier  to actually  infiltrate 
public  life in the United  States  in a way  that  wouldn't  have  been  possible  in the 1980s .
[00:46:08.240]
So we can't  we don't  even  know  what  we're  starting  to see the impact  of these  operations  on society .
That's  not to say that , you know , the Russians  created  the problems  with  race . Of course  not.
[00:46:21.200]
But do they  exploit  them ? Absolutely .
[00:46:24.710]
And our other  countries , also  other  rogue  and  authoritarian  nation  states  seeking  to do the same .
Absolutely .[00:46:31.490]
Russia  is the best  at this  kind  of information  warfare , but other  countries  are learning  quickly .
[00:46:37.520]
And what's  been  really  interesting  for me to watch  is, for example , how  China  has  taken  an aggressive
new interest  in pursuing  similar  disinformation  campaigns  in Western  information  spaces .
[00:46:51.740]
This  was  something  that  they  didn't  do until  about  last  year  when  the protests  started  in Hong  Kong .
And then  obviously  this  year  with  with  covid .
[00:47:00.120]
I think  you say in your  book  that  Russian  television , R.T.  is the most  watched  news  channel  on
YouTube . Yes , it is.
[00:47:09.650]
So this  is another  example  to me of how  quick  they  were  to recognize  that  the architecture  of this 
new information  ecosystem . Right . Which  developed  that's  characterized  by. If you'd  like to continue 
listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to all full
length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus 
episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app . The  Making 
Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support .
[00:47:48.470]
And you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Price  Tag .[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the
podcast . If you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . There 
you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content . And  as always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the
podcast .
[00:00:34.980]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris  Digg  to request  a free  account 
and we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . Today , I'm speaking  with  Michael 
Sandel . Michael  teaches  political  philosophy  at Harvard  University , where  he teaches  the quite 
famous  course  on justice  that  has  been  televised  and  viewed  by tens  of millions  of people . And  he's 
the author  of several  books , the most  recent  of which  is The  Tyranny  of Merit , What's  Become  of the
Common  Good .
[00:01:08.290]
And that  is our focus . In today's  episode , we talk  about  the ethics  of success  and  failure  in our
society , the enduring  problems  with  capitalism , how  college  has  become  a sorting  mechanism  for a
new kind  of caste  system . We cover  what  I have  come  to think  of as the pernicious  myth  of the self-
made  man . And  we discuss  the paradoxes  which  come  from  valuing  excellence , all the while 
recognizing  the role  that  luck  plays  in producing  it. It's a very  timely  conversation  as we struggle  really
throughout  Western  society  to deal  with  the politics  of humiliation  and  injustice  and  the rising  levels 
of wealth  inequality  to which  they  are anchored .
[00:02:01.150]
Clearly , we're  going  to have  to get a handle  on this  sooner  rather  than  later . And  now  I bring  you
Michael  Sandel . I am here  with  Michael  Sandel . Michael , thanks  for joining  me. Good  to be with  you,
Sam . So, you know , I will have  properly  introduced  you here , but give  me your  short  form  bio. You're  a
man  of many  honors  and  talents , but how  do you describe  yourself  in an elevator  with  a stranger ?
[00:02:31.300]
I teach  political  philosophy  at Harvard . And  you also , if I'm not mistaken , teach  what's  often  described
as the the most  popular  course  at Harvard . This  course  on justice . Do you still teach  that ?
[00:02:44.260]
I'm teaching  it this  semester . Adapted  to include  new  examples  of justice  and  ethical  dilemmas 
arising  from  the pandemic  and  from  this  moment  of racial  reckoning .
[00:02:56.020]
Nice . Will  you have  you have  a new  book , The  Tyranny  of Merit , What's  Become  of the Common  Good ,
which  I want  to focus  on. But another  colorful  fact  about  you, which  I only  just  learned , was  that  in
1971 , at the age  of 18, you debated  Ronald  Reagan  when  he was  the governor  of California . That  had 
to be amusing . But I also  recall  that  you and  I once  debated  I think  I probably  got the more  seasoned 
Michael  Sandel  somewhere  around .
[00:03:24.670]
I think  it was  2005 . Do you recall  that  we we met  at either  Pomona  or in Harvey  Mudd  College ? Yes , I
do.
[00:03:34.300]
So so we've  met  once . And  I remember  that  being  quite  a collegial  and  amicable  debate  on it surely 
must  have  been  on religion  at that  point .
[00:03:44.230]
I think  that's  right . I think  it was  about  the role  of religion  in public  life, if I remember  correctly .[00:03:50.040]
Yeah . Yeah . Well , nice  to meet  you, albeit  at some  distance  here  on a new  topic . And  it's a topic  that  I
think  we substantially  agree  on, although  I must  say, there's  something  so counterintuitive  about  a
criticism  of meritocracy . It makes  the topic  itself  surprisingly  elusive . I mean , once  you think  you have 
the thesis  in hand  and  you agree  with  it, it's almost  like you wake  up and  can  no longer  find  your 
purchase  on the felt sense  of the argument  anymore , because  there's  just  something  so ingrained 
about  this  notion  that  the only  flaw  in meritocracy , which  is to say, you know , truly  valuing  differences 
in competence  and  excellence  and  rewarding  people  along  along  that  continuum  is that  we the flaws 
generally  thought  and  felt to be that  we haven't  achieved  it.
[00:04:49.150]
We don't  have  a fair society  with  real  anything  like equality  of opportunity . But if only  we could  give 
everyone  the opportunity  they  deserve , well , then  what  could  be wrong  with  just  letting  people  rise  or
fall based  on their  own  merits ? Right . Let's  start  there . How  do you think  about  this  notion  of
meritocracy  at this  point ? Well , you're  right , Sam , it is a counterintuitive  idea  because  Merete , on the
face  of it, it's a good  thing , even  in ideal , what  could  be wrong  with  trying  to assign  people  to social 
roles  and  to jobs  based  on their  merits  rather  than  based  on arbitrary  factors  or the accident  of their 
birth  or whom  they  know  connections  and  so on?
[00:05:39.540]
And if I need  a surgeon , if I need  surgery , I certainly  want  a well  qualified  surgeon  to perform  it, not
someone  who's  poorly  qualified . So on the face  of it, merit  seems  an unqualified  good . And  yet. When
merit  comes  to be a governing  philosophy . A way  of determining  access  to opportunities , it has  a dark
side. And  the book  tries  to bring  out this  paradoxical  feature  of merit . I would  put it this  way . If we had
a perfect  meritocracy .
[00:06:21.440]
If we could  one  day overcome  all of the obstacles  that  hold  people  back . All of the prejudices .
Wouldn't  that  be a good  thing ? Well , it would  have  this  feature . That  the winners  of the race - t his fair
race - w ould  believe , understandably , that  they  deserved  their  winnings . Provided  that the  race  is run
fairly . And  that  the losers  deserved  whatever  place  they  wound  up in. And  here , when  we think  about  a
society  and  an economy  and  a democracy .
[00:07:05.310]
Here's  where  the flaw  in the ideal  arises . First , it's a good  thing  to bring  everyone  up to the same 
starting  point  in the race . But if we could , it would  be predictable  that  the fastest , most  gifted  runners 
would  win. And  we believe  they  deserved  all of the benefits  and  the material  rewards  in the honors 
that the society  bestows  upon  them . But a question , one  question  could  be asked  is, do we deserve  in
the first  place  the talents , the gifts  that  enable  us to flourish  in a in a market  society  like ours ?
[00:07:50.610]
Or is having  those  talents  a matter  of good  luck ? Take , for example , make  it concrete . LeBron  James ,
he's a great  basketball  player , just  helped  lead  the Lakers  to the NBA  championship .
[00:08:04.830]
He works  hard  to cultivate  his great  athletic  talents .
[00:08:10.210]
But does  he really  deserve  those  talents  and  all the benefits  that  flows  from  them  or is having  those 
talents ?
[00:08:18.300]
Certainly , it's not his doing  that .
[00:08:20.100]
He's  gifted  in that  way  so that  his good  luck . But more  than  that . Sam , it's the fact  that  he lives  in a
society . That  loves  basketball . That , too, is hardly  his doing  if he lived  back  in the Renaissance . They didn't  care  much  for basketball  then  and  they  preferred  fresco  painters . So that , too, is a matter  of
contingency  and  good  luck . So for these  two  reasons , it's a mistake  for the successful  to assume  that
their  success  is the measure  of their  merit  and  that  they  therefore  deserve  all of the benefits  that  flow
from  the exercise  of their  talents .
[00:09:05.370]
And here's  where  the dark  side  of it comes  in, especially  when  we think  about  our current  society  and 
our politics  as the successful  come  to believe  that  their  success  is their  own  doing  a measure  of their 
merit . They  tend  to inhale  too deeply  of their  own  success . They  forget  the luck  and  good  fortune  that 
helped  them  on their  way , and  they  tend  to look  down  on those  less  fortunate  than  themselves ,
believing  that  their  failure  is their  fault .
[00:09:37.170]
And I think  this  is hubris  among  the successful  meritocratic  hubris , I call it, and  the humiliation , the
demoralization  among  those  left behind  accounts  for some  of the resentments  that  have  gathered  in
recent  decades  against  elites , resentments  that  we saw  bubble  up and  find  expression  in the populist 
backlash  of 2016 . So there's  a lot here .
[00:10:04.050]
So there's  the kind  of the ethical  case  and  then  the political  ramifications  of. Right . Getting  that  right 
or wrong  here . So you've  just  sketched  that  in brief  and  you and  your  book  really  goes  deeply  into  it.
We have  this  sense  among  the successful , certainly , that  they  desperately  want  to believe  that  their 
success  is morally  justified . Right . There's  this  notion  of justified  advantage , which  just  by the very ,
you know , logical  nature  of the claim  begets  this  notion  of justified  disadvantage .
[00:10:38.700]
Right . The  people  who  are not winners , i.e. the people  who  are losing  to one  or another  degree , also 
deserve  their  lot in life. And  right . This  leads  to a kind  of, you know , resentment  and  populist  anger 
that we've  seen  and  the attendant  politics  of personality  and  Trump  ism  and  also  this  now  pervasive 
and totally  destabilizing  distrust  of institutions  and  expertise . Now  we're  living  in a kind  of shattering 
of our public  conversation  about  basic  facts , because  so-called  elites  are despised  to the degree  that 
they  are in the media  and  in academia  and  various  institutions .
[00:11:21.090]
And I'm quite  sympathetic  with  much  of this  criticism  because  the elites  have  played  their  side  of this 
terribly . And  maybe  we'll  touch  on some  of those  specifics . But before  we get into  the politics  of all
this, let's  linger  on the the ethical  case , because  I totally  agree  that  we should  view  differences  in
success  in general  as a kind  of multivariate  lottery  that's  being  run. You  know , it's not just  a matter  of
the normal  forms  of good  luck . Everything  can  be ascribed  to luck  in the end .
[00:11:58.440]
I mean , you know , you're  down  to your  genes  and  all that  they  do to determine  who  you are and  down 
to the environment  and  all that  it does  in concert  with  your  genes  to determine  who  you are. And  no
one made  themselves , no one  created  the society  into  which  they  were  born . Take  the perfect 
example  of someone  like LeBron  James . He neither  created  his physical  attributes  that  allow  him  to
succeed  as a basketball  player , nor did he create  the world  in which  basketball  would  be valued  or
even  deemed  interesting .
[00:12:29.910]
And so he has  won  a kind  of lottery . And  yet there  does  still seem  to be this  problem  in how  we deal 
with  differences  in ability  that  we value  and  will inevitably  value . Because  you take  something  like
basketball . I mean , if you value  basketball , if you enjoy  watching  the sport , almost  by definition , you
will value  the far end  of the continuum  of the bell curve  of basketball  talent  more  than  you'll  you'll 
value  the mean  right . And  so no one  wants  an NBA  where  everyone  gets  a chance  to play  and 
everyone  gets  a trophy  at the end  of the season .
[00:13:08.820]I mean , that  annihilates  the principles  by which  one  would  even  capture  your  attention . You  know , as a
sport , if you could  wave  a magic  wand  and  reset  all of our our ethical  and  attentional  dials  here , just 
what  would  be our experience ? Take  the limited  case  of basketball , you know , thinking  about 
basketball  value  in basketball , buying  tickets  and  rewarding  the obvious  merits  of a player  like LeBron 
James .
[00:13:40.770]
If I were  recruiting  a basketball  an NBA  team , I would  still go, Sam , for the best  players . I would  I
would  want  LeBron  James . I would  want  the best  players . So that's  not really  the the question . The 
question  is what  moral  desert  we attribute  to those  who  enjoy  material  rewards  as well  as honorific 
rewards  for excelling  in this  or that  way .
[00:14:09.750]
So in in the narrowly  contained  realm  of basketball , the the hiring  practice  wouldn't  be different . The 
recruiting  practice  wouldn't  be different , but when  we look  at the society  as a whole  and  when  we look
at social  roles  and  when  we look  at who  gets  to govern  and  who  gets  to have  the greatest  voice  and 
who  makes  the most  money . There's  the tendency  to assume , let's  take  the economy , there's  a
tendency  to assume . That  the money  people  make  is the measure  of their  contribution  to the
common  good .
[00:14:48.720]
But this  is a mistake  because  there  are all sorts  of contingencies  that  determine  who  makes  a lot of
money  and  who  makes  less  contingencies  that  are in no way  related  to differential  contributions  to
the common  good . And  when  we ask about  who  governs  us.
[00:15:08.670]
We want  in broad  terms , here's  the basketball  analogy , we want  to be governed  by the people  who 
were  best  at governing  or in a representative  democracy , we want  to be represented  by those  who 
who  are best  at that  role .
[00:15:27.530]
Today , essentially , we are governed  by only  a segment  of the population . Those  who  have  managed 
to get four  year  university  degrees  overwhelmingly  in democracies  in the U.S.  and  in Europe .
Parliaments  and  executive  branches  are dominated  by overwhelmingly  by those  who  have  university 
degrees , even  though .
[00:15:55.770]
Those  of us who  have  such  degrees  represent  a minority  of our fellow  citizens , most  most  people 
don't  have  a four  year  university  degree , nearly  two  thirds  do not in the United  States  and  in Europe .
[00:16:11.340]
So if we're  talking  about  governing , this  touches , too, on your  point  about  expertise , Sam , and  the and 
the backlash  against  elites  and  experts . I think  that  the the we've  confused  talking  about  merit  in
governing , we have  confused  the virtues  necessary  to govern  well  in a democratic  society  with 
technocratic  expertise  and  but that's  distorting .
[00:16:40.130]
That's  much  too narrow .
[00:16:42.140]
So in many  of the domains , once  we get outside  of basketball , the problem  is that  we have  woefully 
misconstrued . What  counts  is the relevant  merits . So that's  why  the basketball  illustration  is helpful 
up to a point .
[00:16:58.910]
But when  it comes  to distributing  economic  rewards  and  when  it comes  to governing , what  we tend  to
regard  as merit  actually  misses  the mark  by quite  a long  way .[00:17:11.780]
OK, so I think  it's helpful  to grab  the ethical  side  of this  before  we talk  about  just  descriptively  what's 
happening  at the level  of our politics  and  society  at large . So I hear  in part  of this  criticism  a criticism 
of the notion  that  there's  any direct  causal  connection  between  wealth  and  value  creation , the cartoon
version  of, you know , blameless  wealth  that  one  would  get in a libertarian  circles . You  know , perhaps 
above  all this  notion  that  the only  way  someone  becomes  spectacularly  wealthy  is to create  a
commensurate  amount  of value  for the world .
[00:17:57.950]
I mean , that  that  is how  a free  market  would  reward , you know , human  excellence  and  value  creation 
and the way  that  gets  deranged . And  obviously , you know , we don't  live in the cartoon  there  way  is
this. This  is not reflective  of reality , but I think  there  is a core  truth  to it right  now . You  might  say that 
we value  the wrong  things , right ? So someone  can  open  an Instagram  account  and  flaunt  their  body .
And if they're  young  and  beautiful , they'll  have  millions  of people  following  them , or at least  some  of
them  will.
[00:18:30.800]
And they  may  be able  to leverage  that  into  vast  wealth , as have  the Kardashians . It's not to say it's
their  only  assets , but there's  no question  they  are being  rewarded  by some  notion  of, if not value 
created  for society . It's the capturing  of attention . There  is a machinery  here  that  is working  based  on
what  people  the choices  people  are making  and  the resulting  effects  in the market . And  money  is
flowing  in what  is deemed  to be the right  direction .
[00:19:05.990]
That's  a case  where  we I think  we might  say, OK, well , people  are just  valuing  the wrong  things  and 
other  people  are becoming  amazingly  wealthy  based  on this  distortion  and  priorities . But then  when 
you have  something , you have  someone  else  who  has  become  immensely  wealthy  by a purely 
creative  act that  has  just  brought  nothing  but joy to the world . I mean , someone  like J.K.  Rowling , she
writes  her books , people  line up at midnight  to buy them  in in front  of bookstores  all over  this  world .
[00:19:38.630]
That  was  a fairly  pure  register  of the value  being  created . And  she became  among  the wealthiest 
writers  in history  as a result . What  are you suggesting  could  change  about  our current  system  with 
reference  to someone  like J.K.  Rowling ? I mean , shouldn't  we reward  her in precisely  the way  the way 
we have  and  esteem  her in the way  that  we do based  on her creative  output ?
[00:20:06.830]
Well , there  are two  reasons  that  the answer  might  be yes, that  we should  reward  her. And  the way  we
do, though , it's important  that  you drew  this  distinction  just  at the end  of the question , Sam , between 
rewarding  her monetarily  and  rewarding  her with  a scheme . And  the answer  may  be different  in the
two cases . But the the if she is providing  something  that  is valued  and  that  is worthy  of being  valued ,
then  she should  be rewarded  certainly  with  esteem  for having  done  that .
[00:20:49.270]
Now , but there  are two  reasons  we might  want  to reward  her, one  is to encourage  her and  people  with
creative  gifts  like hers  to continue  to exercise  them  by writing  books  that  we love  to read  or our
children  love  to read . That's  a reason  that  reason  has  to do with  providing  an incentive  to her and 
others  like her to continue  doing  what  they're  doing  because  we like the stories  that  that  she writes .
But it's important  to notice  that  that  reason , the incentive  reason , has  nothing  necessarily  to do with 
whether  or not she morally  deserves .
[00:21:34.620]
All the money  she makes  writing  Harry  Potter  stories , that's  a further  question . And  so the second 
question  is, should  we reward  her in the sense  that  not only  does  does  she get a lot of money  for
selling  a lot of Harry  Potter  books , but we also  consider  that  she morally  deserves . The  money  that 
she makes  thanks  to the market  success  of the books , and  that's  the further  question , that's  a that's  aharder  case  to make  now . This  is why  your  mention  of esteem  matters .
[00:22:15.570]
You might  decide  that  she deserves  esteem  for having  written  beautiful  and  compelling  Harry  Potter 
stories . And  yet it could  very  well  be a further  question  whether  she should  make . Ten  times  more 
than  other  writers  or people  in other  professions  or 100  times  more  or a thousand  times  more  or
10000  times  more , it's it's hard  to claim  that  it's a matter  of moral  desert . She  deserves  to make  X
times  more  that  where  X is in proportion  to her actual  earnings  relative  to other  people , where  as I
think  it's easier  to say, she's  certainly  worthy  of admiration  for the creativity  she brought  to bear 
writing  these  stories .
[00:23:08.250]
If I could  just  add , I think  you put it very  well  when  you said  part  of the objection . Is that  we value  the
wrong  things , part  of the objection  to assuming  that  the money  people  make  is the measure  of their 
contribution  to the common  good .
[00:23:26.270]
It's important  to keep  hold  of this  question  because  it's a question  that  that  the free  market 
libertarians  you mentioned  beg  they  ignore . But here's  a simple  concrete  example  to test  it.
[00:23:41.690]
I don't  know , Sam , if you were  a fan of Breaking  Bad  or otherwise , you know , Walter  White  started  out
as a high  school  chemistry  teacher  and  he didn't  make  much  money .
[00:23:53.780]
He had  to work  when  he wasn't  teaching  at a second  job at a car wash . And  then , as we know , he
broke  bad  and  became  a meth  dealer . He he used  his talents  as a chemist  to make  perfect 
methamphetamine  and  made  millions  and  millions  selling  this  methamphetamine  because  there  was 
a great  market  demand  for it.
[00:24:16.460]
So here  would  be the test  for the the the pure , idealistic , free  market  libertarian , assuming  there  were 
a competitive  market  in high  school  chemistry  teachers  and  in meth  cooks .
[00:24:30.590]
And Walter  White  made  thousands  of times  more  cooking  and  selling  meth  than  teaching  high  school
chemistry , would  we conclude  from  that  that .
[00:24:43.550]
His contribution  as a meth  dealer  was  thousands  of times  greater . More  important . Then  his
contributions  as a high  school  chemistry  teacher , probably  not it be pretty  hard  to make  that  claim .
[00:24:59.470]
So part  of what  I'm suggesting  is that  really  to understand  the question  of merit  when  we're  talking 
about  the economy  and  economic  rewards , we have  to we have  to address  the question  about 
whether  we are valuing  the right  kinds  of things  in in the design  of markets  and  in the allocation  of
rewards .
[00:25:22.180]
There  are so many  things  that  distort  this  notion  of value  or the notion  that  this  is a linear  relationship 
between  the value  being  created  by someone's  efforts  and  their  monetary  rewards  or their  rewards  in
with  respect  to esteem . I mean , you just  take  the case  of, you know , someone  who's  saving  your  life.
You're  having  a heart  attack . You  know , the paramedic  shows  up and  saves  your  life. Well , in that 
moment , this  is the, you know , the most  valuable  job on earth  for you.
[00:25:54.240]
Right . But that  doesn't  suggest  that  we could  have  a society  that  paid  paramedics  20 million  dollars  ayear  for working  their  trade . Right . Because  it's it's more  of a trade  than , you know , finding  the the
outlier  in the NBA  can  be thought  of as a trade  or, you know , the outlier  with  respect  to writing  novels .
I don't  see how  we get away  from  this  seemingly  crazy  outsized  reward  structure  for the people  who 
are on the far tail of the continuum  for things  we we value .
[00:26:30.720]
What  you know , rightly  or wrongly , there  is this  larger  criticism  we could  explore  around , you know , a
society  that  that  is just  captivated  by the wrong  things . And  that's  a much  longer  conversation  that 
will will outlive  both  of us. How  do we want  the things  we should  want  in the end ? How  do we live
lives  all together  and  that  we won't  regret  that  in hindsight  will seem  sane ? And  how  do we avoid , you
know , just  colossal  waste  of time  and  opportunity  collectively ?
[00:27:05.100]
But in a world  where  people  can  freely  spend  their  time , attention  and  money  on things  they  want  and 
in a system  that  maximally  incentivizes  a creative  and , you know , hopefully  ethical  response  to those 
wants . Right . I mean , if we want  to be able  to give  everyone  at all times  what  they  want , what  they 
really  want  as quickly  and  as efficiently  as possible , something  like capitalism  seems  like the best 
answer  we've  ever  arrived  at. And  something  like global  technocratic  capitalism  is where  we've 
landed .
[00:27:48.720]
And again , we can  point  out flaws  in this . I mean , there , you know , obviously  negative  externalities  to
various  business  practices  that , you know , free  markets  don't  account  for. And  we want  some  kind  of
regulation , you know , environmental  and  otherwise . But it's hard  to see that , you know , if you are
going  to be writing  novels  that  are so creative  that  people  want  to open  theme  parks  in order  to
explore  the consequences  of your  ideas .
[00:28:13.440]
Right . And  people  by the tens  of thousands  show  up at those  theme  parks  every  year  to buy the
merchandise  that  is derivative  of your  of your  ideas , other  than  just  deciding  that  someone  like J.K. 
Rowling  needs  to pay more  in taxes , that  we should  have  something  like a wealth  tax or a tax that's  so
progressive . You  know , very , very  wealthy  people  pay the preponderance  of their  wealth  back  into  the
system . If we just  had  our tax codes  straightened  out, wouldn't  that  be a sufficient  remedy  for this 
particular  lottery  problem ?
[00:28:47.760]
Well , that  certainly  would  be one  way  of responding  to it. By considering  a revamping  of the tax
system . A wealth  tax would  be one  possible  way  of dealing  with  this .
[00:29:00.600]
But I would  also  say if we're  thinking  now  practically  and  moving  into  the world  in which  we live, I think
we should  have  a public  debate  about  whether  it's fair or desirable  to tax earnings  from  Labor , the
work  people  do in the real  economy  at a higher  rate  than  earnings  from  interest , dividends  and  capital 
gains . Why  should  we tax workers  at a higher  rate  than  than  investors  from  the standpoint  of of merit 
or dessert  and  contribution  to the common  good ? More  dramatic  example  of this  same  would  be I
think  we should  have  a debate  about  whether  to trade  off the all or part  of the payroll  tax, which , after 
all, is a tax on the labour  paid  partly  by the worker .
[00:29:50.780]
And partly  by the company  and  make  up that  lost  revenue  through  a financial  transactions  tax or at
least  one  on speculative  financial  activity  unrelated  to improving  the real  economy  or high  speed 
trading , the actual  way  in which  enormous  income  in wealth  is generated . The  the the characteristic 
way is not the J.K.  Rowling  way  or even  the LeBron  James  way . It's to do with  for looking  at broader 
trends  over  recent  decades , the financialization  of the economy . We see this  in the U.S.  and  Britain ,
which  is the tendency  of a greater  share  of economic  activity  and  GDP  and  and  especially  of
corporate  profits  accounted  for by financial  activity  rather  than  providing  goods  and  services  that 
people  use.[00:30:52.070]
Now , there'd  be nothing  wrong  with  this  or with  the outsized  rewards  that  people  in the financial 
industry  reap  if that  increased  financial  activity  corresponded  to the productive  contribution  to the
real economy . But increasingly , the financial  activity  that  has  exploded  in recent  decades , especially 
with  financial  deregulation  in recent  decades , contributed  little , if anything , to the real  economy .
[00:31:25.190]
The social  purpose  of finance  is to allocate  capital  to productive  activities  new  businesses ,
enterprises , factories , homes , schools , hospitals , roads  and  so on in the real  economy . But most 
financial  activity  in advanced  financial  systems  such  as the U.S.  and  the U.K.  is not that  productive 
kind . It's been  estimated  by those  who  know  more  about  it than  I do, that  only  about  15 percent  of
financial  activity  consists  in investment  in new  productive  assets  for the economy .
[00:32:04.520]
85 percent  consists  of simply  bidding  up the price  or betting  on the future  prices  of already  existing 
assets  or increasingly  synthetically  created  derivatives  and  other  the fancy  financial  instruments  that 
have  precious  little  to do with  making  the economy  more  productive .
[00:32:26.870]
So in some  ways , the standard  defense  of a laissez  faire  free  market  distribution  of income  and 
wealth  drawing  on J.K.  Rowling  or LeBron  James  misses  what's  actually  going  on for the most  part 
with  the with  the growing  inequality  in in our economy . And  so in debating  the tax system , I think  we
should  we should  confront  that  directly . Hence , I would  suggest , in addition  to a wealth  tax, a financial
transactions  tax to offset  to enable  us to reduce  taxes  on work  in the ordinary  sense .
[00:33:07.860]
Now , if I could  just  add  one  more  thing  about  this . You  know , this  isn't  only  for the sake  of
redistributing  income  from  the wealthy  to those  who  need  it more , though  that  would  be one 
advantage .
[00:33:20.010]
It's also  to prompt  a broader  public  debate  about  the earlier  topic  we were  discussing , which  is
whether  the purpose  of an economy  is to help  shape  the way  we value . Different  contributions  to the
economy  in the society  or whether  the point  of the economy  is simply  to accept  whatever  valuations 
seem  to be implicit  in the existing  system , and  I'm hoping  by these  and  other  proposals  to prompt  a
broader  public  debate  onto  the terrain  that  you said  rightly  is contestable  and  we could  be debating 
about  for a very  long  time .
[00:34:04.270]
What  does  it mean  to value  the right  kinds  of things ? What  does  it mean  to to encourage  certain 
contributions  to the common  good  and  to discourage  others ?
[00:34:15.310]
I think  that  should  be a part  of our public  debate .
[00:34:18.850]
And one  way  of making  it a part  of our public  debate  is to raise  questions , for example , about  the role 
of speculative  finance  by comparison  with  the productive  contribution  of people  who  produce 
valuable  goods  and  service  truly  valuable  goods  and  services .
[00:34:36.730]
Yeah , well , that's  a obviously  a very  important  distinction . I mean , there's  so many  areas  of the
economy  where  if we could  be fully  transparent  as to the contributions  being  made  by that  economic 
activity , we would  want  to rethink , you know , what  we're  incentivizing  and  how  we're  rewarding  people
because  there's  so much  rent  seeking  behavior  and  there's  just  so much  administrative  bloat  in, you
know , whole  sectors  of our economy  are suffocating  under  this  apparatus  we've  put in place .[00:35:09.100]
And we take  the medical  system  and  just  what  you know , just  how  much  time  doctors  have  to spend 
dealing  with  insurance  companies . We spend  more  on medicine  than  any society  on Earth  than  we do
not get the return  on our investment . So, yeah , there's  a lot to straighten  out there . But even  even  the
pure  case  is hard  to think  about  and  puts  us up against  certain  moral  paradoxes . So, for instance , just 
imagine  a society  where  we had  decided , OK, we we've  gotten  past  this  this  notion  of of mere  equal 
opportunity , because  we know  that  even  if we could  open  the doors  perfectly  and  give  every  child 
starting  right  now  an equal  opportunity  to get into  Harvard , say, well , they'll  still be massive , massive 
differences  in their  ability  to avail  themselves  of those  opportunities  because  of all of these  other 
disadvantages .
[00:36:07.360]
But the paradox  here  is that  the thing  that's  under  our control , the environment , if we perfectly  tuned 
that, if we gave  everyone  from  utero  onward  all of the same  environmental  benefits . Right . This  is
magic , right ? We can't  we obviously  can't  do this . But even  if we could , where  that  would  land  us is in
this dystopian  counterfactual  world  where  now  what  we'll  have  to spectate  on are the the massive 
differences  in genetic  endowment . Right . I mean , if you perfectly  secure  the environment  against 
disadvantage , well , then  all you will see is a kind  of tyranny  of genetic  differences  and  will be in some 
kind  of gatica  like dystopia .
[00:36:55.930]
And that  would  be if with  the best  of intentions , we could  create  a perfectly  equitable  and  enriched 
environments  for everybody . You  can  take  that  case  and  do with  what  it what  you will with  it. It almost
seems  like a kind  of mirage  here  to figure  out how  to actually  solve  this  problem , given  a perfect 
ability  to do so.
[00:37:18.100]
Well , I think  I think  what  the what  the mirage  of, like, field  of this  thought  experiment  brings  out. Is that
even  a perfect  meritocracy ? Would  not be a just  society . Because  the winners  would  still be
determined  by factors  that  were  not their  own  doing , and  yet to make  matters  worse . The  closer  we
came . To providing  truly  equal  opportunity , the greater  the tendency  for the successful  to believe  that 
their  success  was  their  own  doing , the greater  the tendency  to forget  or to overlook  or deny  the luck 
and good  fortune  that  helped  them  on their  way .
[00:38:11.420]
And the greater  the tendency  to look  down  on those  who  are flourishing  less  and  to say their  failure 
must  be their  fault . So what  goes  along  with  the meritocratic  picture ?
[00:38:27.500]
Is a sense  of human  agency  so thoroughgoing ? That  we tend  to attribute  moral  responsibility  for
one's  fate , for where  one  lands  in life, notwithstanding  the persistent  contingencies  that  you've  just 
described  in that  we've  been  discussing .
[00:38:49.080]
The attitudes  towards  success  and  failure  toward  winning  and  losing  as we became  as we approach 
more  closely  perfect  equality  of opportunity , those  attitudes  towards  success  and  failure  would 
become  all the sharper , all the more  pronounced . And  what  I'm suggesting  is from  an ethical  point  of
view , and  you've  rightly  invited  us to distinguish  the ethical  from  the political  dimensions  of this .
Ethically , the hubris  leads  those  on top to forget  not only  the luck  and  good  fortune , but also  their 
sense  of indebtedness  and  as well  as looking  down  on those  less  fortunate  than  themselves .
[00:39:34.960]
So that's  the ethical  problem .
[00:39:37.030]
That's  the dark  side  of meritocracy , morally  speaking .[00:39:41.260]
It's the hubris  rather  than  the more  we appreciate , the more  we would  be alive  to the role  of accident 
and luck  and  fortune , the more  open  we would  be toward  a certain  humility .
[00:39:54.920]
Toward  success , toward  winning .
[00:39:59.130]
And this  openness , humility  to humility  can  open  us also  to a greater  sense  of responsibility  for those 
less fortunate  than  us, those  who  struggle , those  who  may  be left behind  through  no fault  of their 
own . So that's  the ethical  side  of it. But politically , even  though  we haven't  realized  the perfect 
meritocracy  that  you've  just  described  and  that  we've  been  imagining .
[00:40:27.890]
It has  so this  idea  of this  picture  has  so dominated  public  discourse  that  it has  shaped  the response 
to the deepening  inequality  of the last  four  decades .
[00:40:39.410]
And I think  it's no accident  that  meritocratic  modes  of public  discourse  and  moral  argument  have 
strengthened  their  hold  at the very  same  time  that  inequality  is of income  and  wealth  have  deepened 
with  the kind  of market  driven  globalization  we've  had  in recent  decades .
[00:41:02.060]
And this  has  fueled  the the anger , the resentment . Those  who  have  lost  out, it's one  thing  to to feel 
that you've  lost  out because  the system  is unfair , the system  is rigged , that's  a worry  about  fairness ,
but humiliation . It's a deeper  kind  of demoralization  because  it's a system  where  the the attitudes 
toward  success  and  failure  lead  those  who  struggle  to believe .
[00:41:33.270]
Well , maybe  I don't  work  hard  enough .
[00:41:35.910]
Maybe  I'm not talented  enough  to land  where  they  landed .
[00:41:41.040]
That's  deeply  demoralizing . And  maybe  that's  why  they're  looking  down  on me.
[00:41:45.870]
One of the most  potent  sources , Sam , I think  of the populist  backlash  that  we've  seen  and  most 
dramatically  in 2016  is the sense  among  many  working  people  that  elites  look  down  on them .
[00:42:02.550]
And this  has  a specific  meaning  in the context  of American  politics , because  for four  decades , the
meritocratic  promise  was , yes, there  may  be deepening  inequality , but you can  rise .
[00:42:16.860]
Everyone  can  rise  through  individual  effort  and  training , provided  you go to college , then  you two  can 
compete  and  win in the global  economy , what  you earn  will depend  on what  you learn . So the
response  in this  includes  Democrats  and  Republicans . The  response  to the deepening  inequality  was 
to offer  individual  upward  mobility  through  higher  education , which  on the face  of it seems  inspiring .
[00:42:48.960]
I'm all for improving  access  to widening  access  to higher  education , but as a remedy  for the inequality
that we've  seen .
[00:42:58.530]It's a pale , inadequate  solution  and  it contains  what  seems  an inspiring  message . You  too can  rise  if
only you go to college  contains  an insult . An implicit  insult  in the insult  is this . If you don't  have  a
university  degree  and  you're  struggling  in the new  economy , your  failure  must  be your  fault . And  this 
politically  is folly  when  we recall  that  most  most  people  don't  have  a four  year  college  degree . So
instead  of focusing  on arming  people  from  meritocratic  competition , I think  we should  be focusing 
more  on affirming  the dignity  of work  and  having  a public  debate  about  what  it would  mean  truly  to
enable  everyone  to flourish , whether  they're  in blue  collar  jobs  or whether  they're  in and  well  whether 
they're  well  credentialed  people  in professional  jobs .
[00:43:55.120]
So let's  focus  on the problem  of college , because  this  is in some  measure  the whole  problem  in
microcosm . But it's also  the the longest  lever  that  has  separated  the fates  of winners  and  losers  in
our society . A college , you know , on your  account , other  people  have  hit this  topic . Daniel  Markovits 
was on the podcast  a couple  of months  ago . Yeah , I'm a college  has  become  a kind  of sorting 
mechanism  for a new  caste  system  in our society .
[00:44:27.900]
And again , as you point  out, this  is not just  a problem  with , you know , one  party  or the other . This 
comes  from  from  everywhere  that  this  is the way  you will successfully  compete  in this  increasingly 
global  state  of economic  nature . And  it's not only  something  that  is offered  more  or less  to everyone 
and everyone  who  will claim  the opportunity  can  sort  of get it in hand . But there's  something , you
know , generally  fair about  how  all of this  shakes  down , because , of course , the elites  write  the best  of
the best  in any field  will wind  up and  should  wind  up at the best  universities  because  how  else  would 
the best  universities  select  their  student  body ?
[00:45:16.260]
And if they  you know , if this  gets  gamed  occasionally  and  occasionally , perversely , with  people  buying
their  way  in, there's  opprobrium  attached  to that . But in the general  case , it's hard  to even  optimize 
that because  the schools  are fantastically  expensive  to run. And , you know , if you're  not going  to give 
alumni  any any advantage , well , then  why  would  they  be donating  year  after  year  to year  into  Harvard's
endowment ? So it's. There's  something  that  while  it's not ideal , many  people  look  at this  and  think ,
well, how  else  could  it be?
[00:45:52.590]
So I ask you, you know , in our closing  chapter  here , what  is the problem  with  college  and  how  should 
we fix it? The  main  problem  with  college  is that  we and  by we I mean  the society  as a whole , not just 
the higher  education  community . We have  made  colleges  and  universities . If you'd  like to continue 
listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to all full
length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus 
episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app .
[00:46:32.850]
The Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe 
now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.450]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the podcast . If
you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , there  you'll  find  our
private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only  content . And  as
always , you never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the podcast .
[00:00:34.950]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free 
account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . OK, the briefest  possible 
housekeeping , we are one  week  away  from  the presidential  election  in the United  States , and  I am
sure  I will have  a Zoome  call for podcast  subscribers  at some  point  immediately  following  a result .
We don't  know  how  long  it will take  to get a result , but I will pick  my moment  and  we will announce  it
by the usual  channels , probably  email  and  Twitter , and  it'll be another  video  Q&A  on Zoome .
[00:01:22.710]
And if you want  to participate  in that , you can  subscribe  to the podcast  at Sam  Harris . Doug . Today ,
I'm speaking  with  Nicholas  Christakis . Nicholas  is a physician  and  sociologist  and  he directs  the
Human  Nature  Lab  at Yale  University , where  he is the sterling  professor  of social  and  natural  science 
in the Department  of Sociology , Medicine , Ecology  and  evolutionary  biology , statistics  and  data 
science  and  biomedical  engineering . He is also  the co-director  of the Yale  Institute  for Network 
Science .
[00:01:58.680]
And he's  the author  of several  books , Connected  Blueprint  and  most  recently , Apollo's  Arrow  The 
Profound  and  Enduring  Impact  of Coronavirus  on the Way  We Live . And  that  is the topic  of today's 
conversation . Nicholson , I cover  a lot of ground , we talk  about  the breakdown  of trust  in institutions 
and experts , the corruption  of science  by politics , the ineptitude  of the Trump  administration  in
handling  the pandemic , whether  the gravity  of covid-19  has  been  exaggerated  using  this  experience  to
prepare  for future  pandemics .
[00:02:35.780]
Whether  it's true  that  covid  deaths  are being  overreported . Bad  incentives  in the medical  system , the
prospect  that  the coronavirus  will evolve  to become  more  benign . The  efficacy  of current  treatments ,
safety  concerns  about  a rushed  vaccine , the importance  of public  health  communication  when  life on
Earth  might  return  to normal . The  economic  impact  of the pandemic . Long  term  social  changes  that 
may  result . The  future  of universities , Nicholas's  personal  habits  to keep  from  getting  the coronavirus .
The importance  of rapid  testing  and  other  topics .
[00:03:18.880]
Anyway , this  is up to the minute  look  at the state  of the pandemic . And  certainly  a timely  conversation
prior  to the election . And  now  I bring  you Nicholas  Christakis . I am here  with  Nicholas  Christakis .
Nicholas , thanks  for coming  back  on the podcast . Sam , thank  you so much  for having  me. It's good  to
be back .
[00:03:43.830]
So you are now  a multi  repeat  guest , and  so I know  I'm in good  company  the first  couple  of times 
we're  just  a dress  rehearsal . But now  you can  be a co-host  whenever  you want , but briefly  remind 
people  what  your  your  station  in life is and  how  you come  to know  or have  strong  opinions  about 
many  of the topics  we're  going  to touch . Oh, goodness .
[00:04:05.760]
Well , I'm a physician  and  a social  scientist , and  I've spent  my life or my career  in academia  doing 
scientific  research  and  taking  care  of patients . Up until  about  10 years  ago , I was  a hospice  doctor 
taking  care  of people  who  are dying . But I run a moderately  decent  sized  lab at Yale  University  now 
doing  science  of different  kinds  with  a bunch  of different  groups . In my in my laboratory , we do
everything  from  sort  of quantitative  public  health  research  to work  on the microbiome  to classic sociology  research  to we have  a actually  a social  robotics  division .
[00:04:42.210]
We work  on artificial  intelligence  anyway . We do a whole  bunch  of cool  things . So I'm very  proud  of
them , this  group  of mine  and  I teach  students  as well . And  I've lately  become  very  interested  in the
evolutionary  origins  of of human  social  interactions  and  most  recently  in the pandemic . In the covid 
pandemic . Yeah , well , you, unlike  many  people , have  managed  to put this  pandemic  to very  good  use.
I mean , you we've  been  under  the shadow  of this  thing  for about  eight  months  now , and  you have 
managed  not only  to write  a book  about  the pandemic , but to publish  it.
[00:05:20.250]
And that  is astonishing  if you are at all familiar  with  the usual  time  course  of writing  books  and 
publishing  them . And  that  book  is Apollo's  Arrow  The  Profound  and  Enduring  Impact  of Coronavirus 
on the Way  We Live . And  that  is out just  this  week  as we release  this . That  should  be available  to
anyone  online  or in your  bookstore  if you are intrepid  enough  to visit  your  local  bookstore .
[00:05:45.120]
So I want  to talk  about  covid , obviously , and  I want  you to bring  us all up to the present  in terms  of
what  we should  know  about  it at this  point  and  also  to forecast , you know , what  you expect  to see in
the next  year  or so. But I want  us to use the pandemic  as a lens  through  which  to consider  much  else 
that's  ailing  us, because  we're  living  with  a significant  breakdown  in our ability  to acknowledge  a
shared  reality .
[00:06:15.360]
And this  is based  on the deliberate  spread  of disinformation , which  I've devoted  a few  podcasts  to.
It's also  based  on how  our our natural  biases  are being  amplified  by technology . I mean , social  media 
has weaponized  our confirmation  bias  and  our tribalism  and  our other  less  than  epistemic  ways  of
thinking . And  the result  is that  we're  finding  it harder  and  harder  to collectively  acknowledge  the same
set of facts , much  less  agree  about  what  to do in response  to those  facts .
[00:06:49.140]
So we're  dealing  with  this  total  pollution  of our information  space , and  it's affecting  everything . And  as
a result , our trust  in institutions , you know , whether  it's the government  or the press  or universities  or
scientific  journals  is at an all time  low and  worse , given  what  is happening . It probably  should  be at an
all time  low. I mean , it's just  just  give  you one  sign  of the times  that  happened  recently . The  New 
England  Journal  of Medicine  published  a a truly  blistering  editorial  about  how  badly  the Trump 
administration  has  handled  covid .
[00:07:26.850]
And I read  that  and  I basically  agreed  with  every  word  of it. And , you know , we will get into  the details 
there . But then  I noticed  that  my Twitter  feed  just  lights  up with  allegations  that  the New  England 
Journal  of Medicine  is financially  tied  to the Chinese  Communist  Party  at this  point . Right  now , I don't 
even  have  time  to figure  out whether  or not that's  true , as I like, you know . But nothing  at this  point 
would  surprise  me.
[00:07:55.830]
But I have  no time  for this  because  you can  literally  hold  your  breath  until  the next  scandal  arises .
That  seems  worthy  of your  attention . I mean , they  happen  over  the time  course  of minutes  now . So
it's just  a crazy  space  to even  be having  this  conversation . And  and  so I want  us to focus  on covid  and
get deeply  into  it. But I think  we should  talk  about  the way  in which  politics  in particular  is to range  in
the information , space  and  science  itself  at this  point .
[00:08:24.640]
Yeah , I mean , in a way , we could  even  start  with  that . I mean , I was  scribbling  some  notes  about 
topics  for us to discuss , as you were  as you were  speaking . And  there's  so many  directions  we could 
go in.[00:08:33.370]
But I guess  with  one  predicate  we could  start  with  that  to her, which  is that  we happen  to be alive  at a
moment  when  we are experiencing  something  very  unusual  in the in the history  of our species , and 
that is that  a new , serious , widespread  pathogen  has  been  introduced  into  our midst .
[00:08:52.120]
And this  only  happens  once  every  50 or 100  years . And  and  one  of the themes  actually  of my book  is
that, you know , this  feels  very  alien  to us.
[00:09:01.810]
This  this  this  risk of death , this  this  this  fact  that  we have  to spread  out this  collapse  of our economy .
But I guess  a very  important  idea  is that  plagues  are not unusual  for our species . This  is just  new  to
us.
[00:09:18.580]
We think  this  is so weird . We think  this  is so unusual . We think  this  is so unfair .
[00:09:24.190]
But really , epidemics  of this  kind  have  been  afflicting  us for for thousands  of years . That  is actually  an
interesting  story  about  prior  to ten thousand  years  ago , prior  to the agricultural  revolution . What  were 
such  epidemics  possible ? And  the gist  of it is probably  not. But but anyway , from  the time  we
invented  agriculture  and  moved  into  cities , we we've  been  prone  to this . And  in fact , the title  of the
book , Apollo's  Arrow , comes  from  the opening  of the Iliad  in which , in fact , there  there  is a plague .
[00:09:54.910]
I mean , that's  you know , that's  what  that's  how  old this  this  phenomenon  is. You  know , three  thousand
years  ago , Homer  was  writing  about  this  anyway .
[00:10:03.370]
So this  this  this  germ  has , you know , which  has  its own . It's a we can  debate  whether  viruses  are living
things  or not. But for the sake  of argument , this  germ  is acting  like any other  living  thing . It's found 
untouched  virgin  territory , namely  our bodies . And  it's just  it's just  having  what's  known  as an
ecological  release . It's just  spreading  relentlessly  among  us. Just  like if you had  let rats  loose  on New 
Zealand  a thousand  years  ago , they  would  take  over  the whole  of the country .
[00:10:35.020]
So there's  no natural  immunity  to this  pathogen  and  it's just  doing  having  its way , you know , just  going
about  it, about  its business , but leaping  ahead . Now , with  that  background  to the point  you put on the
table  for us to discuss  initially , it's odd  to me the way  this  virus  is striking  us at a particular  moment  in
our own  national  history . I don't  know  about  global  history , but certainly  national  history , because  the
virus  has  struck  us at a moment  in our political  life, which  is very  inauspicious  for us, but perfect  for
the virus .
[00:11:08.590]
So we we've  have  what  I would  call a thinning  out of our intellectual  culture . We have  a denigration  of
expertise . You  know , we think  that  there's  something  evil about  experts  or that  they're  self-serving ,
which  is really  odd  because  when  you need  a car mechanic , you want  an expert .
[00:11:27.610]
Right . And  there's  this  there's  this  famous  saying  in sociology  that  one  man's  occupation  is is made 
up of the emergences  of other  people . So when  you have  a flood  in your  basement , it's a rare  event 
and an emergency  for you.
[00:11:41.200]
But it's the routine  daily  experience  of the expert  plumber  who  comes  to repair  it.
[00:11:46.690]So why  we have  this  attitude  or this  posture  towards  expertise  is itself  very  odd . But we have  a kind  of
a.. Expertise , which  is a reflection , I think , of a kind  of anti  elitism  that  we have  in our society  right 
now .
[00:12:01.070]
There  is in addition  to that , as you described , a kind  of denigration  of science  or disbelief  in science  or
or a politicization  of science  whereby  scientists  are seen  as just  any other  like any other  interest 
group , you know , trying  to feed  at the public  trough  instead  of seeing , I think  more  rightly , of course ,
I'm very  partial  to scientists  and  science , but I recognize  science  has  limitations  and  we can  talk 
about  that  as well .
[00:12:24.230]
But this  idea  that  that  if scientists  tell us something , there  must  be an ulterior  motive  rather  than 
trying  to engage  science  as science  is also  very  dangerous , ascendant  ideology  in our society  right 
now . And  there  are two  more  items  which  I'll mention , and  all of this  causes  quite  a witch's  brew .
[00:12:43.250]
Another , of course , that  everyone  is familiar  with  is the political  polarization , which  by many  metrics 
by political  scientists  show  that  we are at a moment  in our history  when  we're  very  politicized , such 
that even  a simple  act like wearing  a mask  becomes  seen  either  as a as an indicator  of virtue  or I'm
on the left. You  know , I'm a good  citizen . I wear  a mask . The  symbol  this  mask  symbolizes  my
commitment  to the commonweal  or, you know , the mask  is seen  as an infringement  on my liberty , you
know , like I'm on the right .
[00:13:16.040]
You know , I should  be allowed  to do what  I want . How  dare  anyone  tell me to wear  a mask ? This  is
ridiculous . It's just  a mask . You  know , it's just  it's just  a barrier  to the spread  of droplets . You  know , it's
it doesn't  need  to be politicized . And  many  other  countries , incidentally , do not politicize  mask 
wearing . It's not seen  as a political  act.
[00:13:33.830]
And finally , to this  witch's  brew . Is this  extraordinary ? Loss  of capacity  for nuance  in our society , and  I
know  you talk  about  this  a lot, Sam , on this  podcast , which  is why  things  are seen  as black  or white . I
mean , every  topic , why  we can't  acknowledge  that  there's  shades  of grey , there's  uncertainty  there .
Intermediate  steps .
[00:13:57.340]
You know , you don't  have  to be with  me or against  me. You  can  be partly  with  me, you know , or you
can recognize  that  this  is a complicated  topic .
[00:14:06.070]
You know , whether  it's whatever  we're  talking  about , there's  this  sort  of desire  for simple  perspectives
on the world  that  I think  is just  it's not in keeping  with  the nature  of the real  world . So all of these 
things , that  denigration  of expertise , that  disbelief  in science , the polarization , the loss  of nuance , this 
is when  the virus  is striking  us. And , boy, has  this  sapped  our ability  to respond  effectively . Well , let's 
focus  on the political  coopting  of science .
[00:14:35.140]
And this  has  happened . The  pressure  has  come  from  both  the right  and  the left here  in different  ways 
and in different  topics . Yeah , and  it but to a degree  on both  sides  that  has  revealed  scientists 
themselves  to be all too human . Right . So the some  of the skepticism  and  despair  over  over  the
course  of the loss  of the stature  of scientific  opinion  here  is understandable , given  just  how  craven  so
many  scientists  have  shown  themselves  to be. I mean , so to see what's  happening  on the right , or at
least  in Trumpington , I worry  where  you locate  that  on the political  spectrum  is sometimes  difficult .
[00:15:17.860]
But what  we see is this  effort  to please  the delusional  boy king , and  it results  in some  of the most reputable  people  in public  health  walking  on eggshells  around  this  monstrously  ignorant  and 
belligerent  president . And  so we have , you know , Anthony  Fauci , who  has  the most  stellar  reputation 
of anyone . He's  been  writing  he's  been  writing  about  respiratory  pandemics  since  before  not before 
you and  I were  born . But but, you know , for decades . Yes , we're  very  lucky  to have  him .
[00:15:52.840]
But still, most  of his energy  seems  to be bound  up in an effort  to not embarrass  the president . Right .
And he's  found  that  almost  impossible  to avoid  doing . And  then  we have  someone  like Dr. Burk's  who ,
you know , in those  first  weeks  and  a couple  months  of her prominence , you know , seemed  more  and 
more  like a hostage  with  Stockholm  syndrome . Right . And  Robert  Redfield , who's  running  the CDC ,
appears  just  visibly  neutered  whenever  he's  communicating  about  covid  in public .
[00:16:24.970]
And none  of this  inspired  confidence  in the beginning . And  since  most  of these  people  have  almost 
entirely  disappeared , I trust  for also  for political  reasons . So there's  that  sort  of the lack  of credibility 
in the public  face  of the messaging . But then  there's  a a reasonable  concern  that  the Trump 
administration  has  so vitiated  the the scientific  expertise  in government , you know , whether  it's at the
CDC  or the FDA  or in the EPA . I mean , just  across  the board , Prie  covid , this  was  happening  and  has 
been  replacing  career  civil  servants  and  scientists  with  political  lackeys  and  and  industry  lobbyists .
[00:17:06.610]
And given  the ineptitude  of our response  to covid , it seems  worth  worrying  that  maybe  we're  no longer
the medical  and  technical  superpower  we once  were  or thought  we were . And , you know , this 
culminated  in things  like Harold  Varmus , another  person  with  a totally  stellar  reputation , writing  an op
ed in The  New  York  Times  declaring  that  we can't  trust  the CDC  guidance  about  whether  to reopen 
schools . So there  is a breakdown  in authority  here . Yes . And  then  from  the left, we see this , the moral 
panic  around  weakness  in the aftermath  of the killing  of George  Floyd  in the midst  of the pandemic .
[00:17:46.240]
And we see this  insane  double  standard  endorsed  by literally  thousands  of public  health  officials 
where  they  declare  that  the protest  against  the lockdown  were  murderously  irresponsible . But
protests  in support  of Black  Lives  Matter , you know , as if by magic  are not only  OK, they're  actually 
necessary . Right . And . And  so that's  where  we have  the left and  the right  competing  in this  insane  sort
of reputational  potlatch  to see who  can  destroy  their  their  gravitas , you know , more  quickly .
[00:18:19.720]
And so it's that's  the space  in which  that  are our political  partisanship  has  just  made  a mockery  of
scientific  communication .
[00:18:28.150]
Well , I mean , this  is a very  complicated  topic . Obviously , that  goes  in many  directions . And  you've 
alluded  to quite  a few  of them . And  I know  you've  thought  deeply  about  this , too.
[00:18:36.280]
But first  of all, you know , one  of the principles  of. Democracy  is that  we get to elect  our leaders  and 
we have  an executive  branch  that  is responsive  to the people  we elect . Now , you could  make  the
argument  that  the people  voted  for Donald  Trump .
[00:18:53.480]
Of course , side  arguments  about  how  more  people  voted  for Hillary  and  blah , blah , blah , but we had 
the system , we had  he won  the election  and  therefore  it's a reflection  of our democracy  that  we the
will of the people  is that  the scientists  be muzzled , which  is a kind  of an odd  conclusion  to come  to.
But, you know , you could , in fact , somehow  make  that  argument  that  it is reasonable  or correct  or a
working  of a democratic  right  that  the scientists  are being  muzzled .
[00:19:17.560]
And yet we believe  all of us, certainly  I do, that  there  should  be a way  in which  science  could  beoutside  of politics . Otherwise , you get a kind  of Lysenko  ism , right .
[00:19:25.510]
During  Stalinist  time , you know , genetics  was  seen  as a discovery  in evolutionary  biology  and  genetics
were  seen  as a great  threat  to communism  because  communists  belief  wanted  to believe  that  we
could  change  social  structure  and  therefore  change  human  nature .
[00:19:39.220]
And so in writ  large  discoveries  in evolutionary  biology  and  genetics , which  seen  to subvert  that , you
know , that  there  could  be a kind  of innate  human  nature .
[00:19:47.200]
And so, of course , Lysenko , you know , had  a kind  of Lamarckian  idea  about  acquired  traits  and  he
arranged  for people  who  didn't  agree  with  him  to be shot .
[00:19:57.280]
Other  scientists , as one  does  when  reviewing  scientific  papers , one  doesn't  like. Yes . Yes , exactly .
[00:20:02.740]
Who  who  who  among  us wouldn't  want  his peer  reviewers  to be shot ? So there's  this  temptation  to
have  politics  interfere , as you said , is longstanding . And  and  also , incidentally , another  historical 
strand  in this  is that  science  often  is expensive  and  it is a luxury  and  has  been  done  at the public 
purse . You  know , whether  it's DaVinci  or Galileo , you know , working  for the Medicis  or Seneca  or
Euripides , you know , working  in the king  of Syracuse , etc.
[00:20:34.450]
. I mean , since  time  immemorial , there's  this  sense , which  is that , you know , scientists  work  for the
king  in a war , in a sense . But the problem  we have  right  now  is is is even  more  complicated  than  that 
for various  reasons , not just  the fact  that  it's the modern  era and  we have  institutions  which  are
supposed  to provide  ballast  against  the boy. King , as you said . Is that  what  is the dilemma  of a good 
and wise  person ?
[00:20:59.130]
When  there  is incompetent  leadership  and , you know , Socrates  writes  about  Plato  writes  about  this  as
well. Let's  say you're  General  Mattis  or your  General  Kelly  or your  Tony  Foushee  or your  anyone  else 
who  is trying  to figure  out like my allegiance  is to the nation , and  if I serve  in this  administration , I will I
be tainted  or do we only  do we want  competent  people  to refuse  to serve  on the grounds  that  their 
reputations  will be harmed . But that  can't  be the right  answer  because , you know , we want  competent 
people  running .
[00:21:35.580]
On the other  hand , if he's  competent  people  serve , do they  then  lose  their  souls  or do we get this  kind 
of subversion  of the scientific  process ? I mean , when  do you resign ? When  do you say, no, I will not
implement  this  policy  or I will not be quiet ?
[00:21:49.440]
So there  are rules  how  quickly  Falchi  cannot  easily  be fired .
[00:21:53.910]
There's  a process  whereby  he can  be fired , unlike  unlike  the secretary  of Human  Health  and  Human 
Services . I don't  know  about  Redfield  and  his position , specifically  how  easily  he can  be fired .
[00:22:02.910]
But, you know , many  of these  people  are probably  reasoning  I can  do more  good  than  harm . You 
know , I'm I know  I look  like an idiot , not Falchi , but, you know , some  of the others . But I need  to help 
the country  and  I can  model , you know , moderate  some  of these , you know , ridiculous  extremes  that 
the political  elites  are forcing  on us anyway . It's hard . I mean , it's very  hard  to know  what  to do in this type  of a situation .
[00:22:27.390]
And I'm not making  apologies  for anyone . And  I and  I put the blame  squarely  at the feet  of the political
leadership , Trump  and  the administration , for the utterly  inept  response  the United  States  has  had .
[00:22:39.600]
Let me just  say one  more  sense  about  why  I think  it's especially  appropriate  to hold  Trump 
responsible , because  unlike , let's  say, you could  reasonably  argue  that  certain  other  leaders , like the
British  and  the Italians , for example , also  got it wrong .
[00:22:54.340]
But the difference  is that  the president  of the United  States  has  the CDC  working  for him  and  the
National  Security  Agency  working  for him . And  he was  told  in December  what  was  going  to happen ,
unlike  the rest  of us who  couldn't  necessarily  have  known  what  was  going  to happen , the very  best 
epidemiologists  on the planet , you know , work  at the CDC  and  we have , I believe , the best  intelligence 
agencies  and  by the time  will probably  come  back  to us.
[00:23:18.150]
By the time  I started  paying  attention  to this  in January , we now  know  that  even  as early  as December ,
the president  was  briefed . So that's  really  a dereliction  of duty , you know , to be told  that  a pandemic  is
coming  by.
[00:23:28.950]
People  you should  know  are reputable , are not making  this  up. And  to ignore  that  or fail to take  action ,
to fail to use the wealth  of this  nation , to prepare  to put in place , to build  testing  capacity  to do all the
things  that  are recommended . Incidentally , the CDC  has  released  every  three  to five years  a playbook 
on how  to cope  with  respiratory  pandemics  that  Obama  White  House  actually  after  the Bush  White 
House  and  also  bequeathed  to Trump  such  a playbook .
[00:23:56.910]
But even  leaving  aside  the political  transmission  of this  information  in the CDC , you can  you can  go
online  and  it says , you know , plans  for a respiratory  pandemic .
[00:24:06.540]
Bill Gates  released  a TED  talk . I forgot  it was  five or 10 years  ago  that  has  30 million  views  talking 
about  exactly  what's  happening  to us. So so I can  understand  why  the, quote , man  or woman  on the
street  are shocked  and  surprised  that  this  is happening  to us, like we discussed  a little  while  ago .
[00:24:24.660]
But our political  leaders  who  are entrusted  with  the duty  to protect  us should  not have  been  surprised .
In fact , we're  not surprised  and  therefore  rightly  are being  held  to account  for the hundreds  of
thousands  of deaths . And  incidentally , I think  we are going  to surpass  half  a million  deaths  in the
United  States . When  you and  I spoke  about  this  last  March , I can't  remember  what  my forecast  was .
[00:24:45.930]
It was  hundreds  of thousands , I'm pretty  sure .
[00:24:48.180]
But it's gone  up since  then . I mean , we you know , this  is going  to be the leading  killer  of Americans 
this year . And  per capita  will be for sure , the second  worst  pandemic  we've  had  in this  nation  for, you
know , for over  100  years , maybe , maybe  approach  1918 . It depends . OK, well , I want  to talk  about  the
future , but before  we get there , let's  talk  about  the past  and  present  here . So when  we last  spoke , I
had you on pretty  early  in the pandemic , just , you know , just  when  I began  to take  it very  seriously .
[00:25:20.160]
And I was  not especially  prescient , but I was , as I have  said  several  times  on the podcast , I was palpably  at least  a week  or two  earlier  than  almost  anyone  in my sphere . Right . So I was  the, you
know , the dad  at school  talking  to the other  parents  and  getting  these  looks  of astonishment  and 
concern . You  know , when  when  I said , well , you know , we're  pulling  our girls  out of school  on Monday 
and we looked  like hypochondriacs  and , you know , it was  it was  scarcely  a week  or 10 days  before 
schools  throughout  the city and  in many  other  places  in the country  were  closed .
[00:26:00.880]
You know , the experience  of being  a week  early  was  one  of living  on another  planet . Right . Like  my
last trip to the supermarket  was  one  where  it was  a completely  normal  trip to the supermarket . And  a
few days  later , I was  hearing  stories  of people  literally  running  down  the aisles  just  and  sticking  their 
straight  arm  out and  just  scooping  30 bags  of pasta  into  their  carts . Right . So, you know , I don't  give 
myself  much  credit  for being  early , but once  I got clear  about  or thought  I was  clear  about  the nature 
of this  problem , I initiated  some  conversations  with  people  like yourself .
[00:26:35.190]
And at that  point , there  was  a general  concern  that  there  was  there  was  a trade  off between  public 
health  and  the economy . Right . If we take  this  too seriously , we're  going  to torpedo  the economy . And 
that's  just  an intrinsically  bad  thing . And  to say nothing  of the fact  that  when  that  happens , people  die
for other  reasons . There's  a mortality  calculus  on both  sides  here . And  many  people  were  persuaded ,
you know , at great  effort  and  obviously  incompletely .
[00:27:05.790]
But many  people  were  persuaded  that  whatever  your  concerns  about  this , you know , maybe  not being 
that much  of a a lethal  pandemic  and , you know , we're  going  to do intense  harm  to the economy , but
it makes  sense  to so-called  bend  the curve . We need  to keep  our hospitals  from  being  overwhelmed .
And people  got on board  with  that  project  for about  a month  or six weeks  or so before  our lack  of full
commitment  to that  became  evident . And  also , we did successfully  bend  the curve  to the point  where ,
OK, our hospitals  survived .
[00:27:44.220]
Right . That  we got we had  some  fairly  scary  reports  of ICU filling  up, but basically  we kept  the ship 
afloat . And  since  then , there's  just  been  this  total  bifurcation  in people's  thinking  about  this  pandemic .
I still know  people  and  you can  certainly  see them  in many  others  on social  media  who  think  we had  a
colossal  overreaction  to this  thing . No, the story  here  is not that  we didn't  sufficiently  prepare . The 
story  is that  we panicked  and  that  something  like herd  immunity  is an inevitable  terminus  to this 
globally  and  locally .
[00:28:24.330]
And, you know , this  kills  people  in old age  homes , but it doesn't  kill all that  many  people  who  are
weren't  going  to die of something  soon  anyway . And  this  again , this  is broken  along  predictably 
political  lines . Yeah , but I know  you you're  you're  going  to want  to talk  about  how  catastrophically  bad 
our response  has  been  to this  and  how  much  we need  to learn  from  this  episode . But I don't  see
ourselves  poised  to learn  those  lessons  because  so much  of our society  seems  to think  that  this  is if
not a hoax , just  hoax  adjacent .
[00:28:59.790]
Right .
[00:29:01.170]
OK, but first  of all. There's  so much , again , to unpack  there . We need  to come  back  to the herd 
immunity , we can  come  back  a little  bit to the flattening  the curve  thing . But I do want  to also  talk  to
you and  I made  some  notes  here  about  notions  of quantifying  risk. And  maybe  that's  where  I'll dip into
what  you just  said . So. On the one  hand . The  country  has  been  confused  in the public  health 
messaging  has  been  confused  by people  thinking  because  this  unfortunately  for us, this  disease  is
has a variety  of things  that  can  happen  to you from  no symptoms  to mild  symptoms  to serious 
symptoms  and  long  term  disability  to death .[00:29:39.590]
So it's a very  heterogeneous  presentation  and  in a way  that  has  muddied  the public  health  message 
because  so many  people  have  such  a benign  course  that  it becomes  possible  to imagine  what  might 
this might  not be so bad  in the way  that  if it were  cholera  or smallpox , people  wouldn't  be saying  that .
So the intrinsic  nature  of the pathogen , which  is its protean  manifestations , ironically , have  made  it
more  difficult  for us to combat .
[00:30:04.550]
In addition  to its protean  nature , the disease  is deadly , is 10 times  deadlier  than  the flu, but is not as
deadly  as the bubonic  plague  or smallpox  or cholera , which  we'll  call the holy  trinity  of infections  in
the Indian  subcontinent .
[00:30:19.790]
For centuries , you know , they  were  so deadly .
[00:30:22.040]
And that  also  is ironic  because  if this  disease  had  been  as deadly  as smallpox  or Ebola , you better 
believe  Americans  would  be taking  it more  seriously . And  incidentally , I just  want  to highlight  for your 
listeners , we are lucky  it's not that  deadly . There's  no zanti  reason  as known  to God  that  this  disease 
is only  as bad  as it is. It could  have  been  so much  worse . And  in fact , the pathogen , a SARS , one  that 
afflicted  us in 2003  in a pandemic  that  petered  out for reasons  I actually  discuss  in the book ,
compared  to the current  pandemic , it had  some  subtly  different  biology  that  made  that  it.
[00:30:57.800]
But that  germ  peter  out, that  germ  was  in, by some  metrics , ten times  deadlier  than  the current  one .
So so the sars-cov-2  kills  about  one  percent  of the people  that  get symptoms  from  it kills  between 
point  three  and  point  five percent  or point  three  and  point  six percent  of the people  who  become 
infected  with  it, and  about  2.5 to one  point  two  percent  of the people  who  developed  symptoms  from 
it. And  it varies  a lot by age , but let's  just  say up roughly  about  one  out of 100  people  who  are
symptomatic  from  this  condition  will die.
[00:31:31.250]
And the original  SARS  probably  was  10 times  deadlier .
[00:31:33.830]
And in some  ways  that  the lower  lethality  of this  condition  have  made  it harder  for us to take 
seriously , because  even  if the disease  had  been  left unfettered  in our society  to just  run loose  and 
probably  in that  scenario , maybe  200  million  Americans  would  have  been  infected . And  of those  that 
say 100  million  would  have  had  symptoms , and  of those , maybe  a million  would  have  died .
[00:31:57.530]
Even  in that  scenario , that's  only  one  million  out of three  hundred  and  thirty  million  Americans . And 
this has  led to some  people  doing  calculations  that  say, well , don't  worry  about  it.
[00:32:07.010]
You know , you know , one  out of three  hundred  chance  of dying  isn't  so bad , they  say. But that's  a
completely  wrong  way  to understand  and  compute  risks  of of disease  in general , let alone  infectious 
diseases . A million  deaths  is a catastrophe . It's a it's an enormous  number , an enormous  amount  of
death  and  destruction  in a year  in our nation . But but our nation  will survive .
[00:32:30.800]
I mean , we are going  to see the other  side  of this .
[00:32:32.390]
And this  is another  thing  that's  so interesting  about  plagues  is that  even  the bubonic  plague , which 
would  sweep  through  cities  and  kill often  half , sometimes  nearly  all of the people  in a city ended .[00:32:45.260]
I mean , we have  accounts , for example , among  Native  American  populations  that  were  annihilated  by
smallpox . You  know , 95 percent  of the people  dying  within  a month , like everyone  is dead , you know ,
just like and  we have  accounts  for medieval  Europe  of people  thinking  that  this  was  the second 
coming , you know , that  that  the world  was  being  utterly , completely  destroyed . So bad  was  the toll of
death . We thankfully  do not have  that  a situation  with  this  pathogen .
[00:33:10.610]
But I just  want  readers , listeners  to understand  that  it's dumb  luck  that  that's  the case . I mean , this 
could  have  been  a much  worse  pathogen . It's not. And  therefore , the fact  that  we should  take  that  as
a blessing , not as an opportunity  to be reckless  and  then  say, oh, well , let's  just  go about  our business 
and ignore  it. There's  no reason  we need  to loose  as many  Americans  as I fear  we are going  to lose .
[00:33:33.260]
Before  you continue , let's  just  secure  that  that  one  epiphany  here , because  I think  everyone ,
regardless  of their  politics , should  be able  to agree  about  this , that  there  is simply  no guarantee  that 
the next  pandemic  won't  be an order  of magnitude  worse  than  this  or or even  worse  than  that . Right .
[00:33:55.100]
I mean , we could  there's  no guarantee  we could  be, but you're  absolutely  right . But also , to be clear ,
these  types  of pandemics , part  of the problem  is there's  no one  alive  that  remembers  this  experience 
from  before .
[00:34:06.590]
You know , the 1918  pandemic  was  one  hundred  years  ago . And  so all the learnings . Yes , we should 
learn  our lesson , but it is true  that  it is unlikely  in our lifetime  we will have  personally  to deploy  these 
lessons  again , except  when  you think  about  the possibility  of bioterrorism  remain  an engineered 
pandemic .
[00:34:26.970]
Yeah , or it could  I mean , there's  still plasticity . I mean , there's  already  a pretty  bad  flu influenza , a germ
that's  brewing  in China .
[00:34:34.230]
We know  from  surveillance , from  epidemic  surveillance  procedures . You're  right , I mean , there  could 
be in 10 years  or in 20 years  or one  year  in 30 years , we don't  know . The  usual  entire  pandemic 
interval  is about  10 to 15 years . And  most  of those  are not so serious  like the 2009  influenza 
pandemic . The  reason  people  don't  remember  that  one , although  it was  a pandemic , was  that  it was 
very mild . It was  like the common  cold .
[00:34:58.630]
You got it. But you didn't  die. But there  absolutely  could  be another  pandemic  and  we absolutely 
should  be better  prepared  and  do a better  job of it. I'm not I'm not saying  we shouldn't . I'm just  saying 
it's, you know , probabilistically  unlikely  we're  going  to have  another  sars-cov-2  event , you know , in the
near  future . Right , so at a minimum , I think  we should  agree  that  we want  to be able  to respond 
intelligently  and  at minimal  economic  and  social  cost  to a terrifyingly  lethal  pandemic  should  such  a
thing  emerge .
[00:35:35.200]
And on some  level , it is just  a matter  of time , whether  it's one  year , 10 years , 100  years , we know  that 
nature  is continually  cooking  something  up like that  for us. And  there  are there  bird  flus  that  can  jump 
into the human  population  and  have  60 percent  lethality . And  we know  that  there  are bad  actors  who 
will increasingly  get their  hands  on the means  to produce  engineered  viruses  and  other  pathogens .
This  is something  we want  to be good  at.
[00:36:05.570]
And during  this  dress  rehearsal , we proved  that  we're  actually  bad  at responding  to this  problem . Sowe have  to get better  at this . Whatever  you think  about  covid . Yeah , no, I agree  with  that , but I also 
want  to pick  up another  thread  of what  you were  saying , which  is there's  only  so good  one  can  get. I
mean , a circulating  deadly  germ  is a circulating  deadly  germ . It's hard  to imagine  having  the economy 
escape  unscathed .
[00:36:32.830]
Even  the Koreans , even  the Koreans  or the Chinese  or the New  Zealanders  or the Greeks  or, you know ,
people  who  have  done  reasonably  well  with  a pandemic . Their  economies  are devastated . And  it's
because  in order  to cope  with  a germ , you have  to see social  interactions  and  economy  requires 
social  interactions . And  so, you know , I think  you can  test  and  trace  and  wear  masks  and  you can  do a
lot to maintain  a semblance  of normality .
[00:36:58.490]
But it's hard  to argue  that  a world  in which  suddenly  you've  introduced  a deadly  contagious  pathogen 
through  the through  implementation  of certain  responses  can  be neutralized . So it's not completely 
neutralized , but we absolutely  can  do vastly  better  than  we have  been  doing .
[00:37:15.860]
And but it will cost  I mean , there  will be at some  significant  socioeconomic  costs . It's unavoidable .
[00:37:21.680]
So just  whatever  you think  about  what's  happened  so far and  what's  likely  to happen  in the future , you
should  agree  that  whatever  lessons  there  are to be learned  about  how  to respond  to a pandemic , we
should  learn  those  lessons . Like  you can't  be skeptical  about  that  project , even  if you think , you know ,
covid  was  not at all what  the Libertador  cracked  it up to be. Yeah , right .
[00:37:44.810]
I mean , I, I certainly  wouldn't  argue  about  that . But this  is going  back  to our argument  about  science .
Yes. This  is what  science  is about . We should  learn  we should  observe  the world . We should  make 
inferences  and  we should  record  them  and  we should  learn  from  them . Absolutely . And  yeah ,
absolutely .
[00:38:00.980]
But I also  would  emphasize , in fact , that's  one  of the things  that  I discuss  in Apollos  Arrow . One  of the
ironies  of this  pathogen  is that  the way  contagious  diseases  work , of course , is to exploit  our social 
nature .
[00:38:13.190]
They  we we humans  live socially  for a very  specific  set of reasons .
[00:38:17.010]
And this  was  the topic  of a previous  conversation  you and  I had  and  of course , a previous  book  as
well, you know , blueprint  the evolutionary  origins  of a good  society .
[00:38:24.860]
But anyway , we we humans  live socially  for very  particular  sets  of reasons . And  just  to summarize  a
couple  of the key ones . One  is to cooperate . I mean , this  seems  obvious , but we band  together  to be
able  to achieve  things  we weren't  able  to achieve  on our own  and  also  to be able  to learn  from  each 
other  so most  animals  can  learn  independently . You  know , a little  fish  in the sea can  learn  that  if it
swims  up to the to the to the light , it will find  food  there .
[00:38:50.300]
That's  independent  learning . But we we can  observe  each  other  and  learn  so. So you put your  hand  in
the fire and  you learn  that  it burns , that's  independent  learning  or AI and  that  you learn  something  but
at great  cost .
[00:39:02.720]Or I can  watch  you put your  hand  in the fire and  I gain  almost  as much  learning , you know , fire burns 
but none  of the cost . You  know , my hand  is on burnt  or or you eat a red berry  in the woods  and  die and
I watch  you eat a red berry  and  I don't  eat it. So I survive  that  kind  of social  imitation . A kind  of social 
learning  is incredibly  efficient , and  this  is one  of the reasons  we evolved  to live together .
[00:39:25.310]
But we also  do something  else , which  is we teach  each  other  things . We we accumulate  knowledge 
and we transmit  it across  space  and  time  now .
[00:39:34.340]
So so one  of the arguments  that  I like to make  about  human  social  life is that  the spread  of germs  is
the price  we pay for the spread  of ideas .
[00:39:43.640]
So I come  near  you to learn  from  you, but in so doing , I set myself  up for contagion's  of infections .
And so therefore  the the pathogen  is exploiting  our social  networks , our social  interactions , our
evolved  desire  to touch  and  hug  each  other  are our desire  to band  together  in order  to learn  from  each
other . And  the virus  moves  along  these  social  pathways , killing  us. And  so how  are we going  to
respond ? Well , we respond  by exploiting  our capacity  for cooperation  and  learning .
[00:40:15.860]
We work  together  to live apart . We have  learned  from  the past  we're  not the first  humans  to confront 
a pandemic . We inherited  a playbook  about  what  to do. That's  a kind  of teaching . So one  of the deep 
ironies  is that  the the very  same  things  that  the pathogen  is exploiting  to kill us are the tools  we need 
to use to best  it.
[00:40:38.210]
And and  this  is one  of the reasons  I'm so particularly  invested , as are you in us learning  from  this 
experience . There's  no reason  for future  generations  of us should  do the job as poorly  as we have 
done  it right  now . And  in fact , I should  also  say we don't  even  need  to look  to future  generations .
[00:40:54.860]
There's  still time  for us to learn  now  and  do a better  job in the coming  year  or so.
[00:40:59.540]
And we can  discuss  what  I think  is going  to happen  next . But we still have  about  a year  and  a half , in
my view , of serious , immediate  impact  of the pathogen  where  we're  going  to need  to wear  masks  and 
and and  and  physically  distance  and  do a bunch  of other  self  protective  interventions .
[00:41:15.800]
But eventually . The  tide  will turn , but nevertheless , in the interval , we there  are things  we need  to do
well, so let's  talk  about  that . But, you know , the reasonableness  of any intervention  turns  on some 
appraisal  of how  bad  this  disease  is. And  the core  of any claim  about  its badness  rests  on how  many 
people  are actually  dying  from  it. And  this  is where  I've encountered  that  one  source  of skepticism ,
which  seems  to me to be harder  than  most  to dismiss , and  this  has  been  trumpeted  by many 
prominent  people  have  had  to encounter  this  both  publicly  and  privately .
[00:41:58.680]
But it's this  concern  that  the mortality  statistics  of covid  are being  amplified  because  doctors  have 
been  incentivized  to overreport  covid  deaths . We rely on doctors  to fill out death  certificates  and  the
CDC  guidance  for reporting  a covid  death  does  not require  a positive  test  for covid . And  this  seems  to
be a concession  to how  inept  we were  at testing  and  and  still are testing . So rather , doctors  simply 
need  to deem  it probable  that  covid  was  part  of the picture  in accounting  for this  death .
[00:42:36.690]
So they  presume  it covid  death  in many  cases  based  on a constellation  of symptoms , whatever  else 
may  be wrong  with  the patient . And  of course , you know , there  are many  respiratory  conditions  that people  die from  their  COPD  and  asthma  and  pneumonia  and  and  they  also  kill some  hundreds  of
thousands  of Americans  each  year . So these  are not tiny sources  of mortality . It's easy  to imagine 
that if doctors  are simply  admonished  to check  this  is covid  box  whenever  it's plausible  against  this 
background  of other  respiratory  diseases  that  could  inflate  the number  of covid  deaths .
[00:43:16.320]
And just  to add  one  final  wrinkle  here , which  is perhaps  the most  troubling , this  was  happening  in the
context  where  there  was  an actually  and  probably  still is a financial  incentive  to presume  corvids 
involvement  because , you know , hospitals , many  hospitals  were  on the verge  of bankruptcy  because 
all elective  procedures  were  being  canceled  because  nobody  wanted  to get covered  and  they  were 
given  money . You  know , I think  HHS  allocated  something  like 50 billion  dollars  for hospitals  that  were 
having  to deal  with  a surge  of covid  cases .
[00:43:50.900]
So there  was  a financial  incentive  to say, oh, yeah , this  is yet another  covid  case  that's  hit our ICU.
[00:43:56.700]
No, I don't  I don't  think  any of this  makes  any sense  on any level . And  we can  discuss  this . OK, I'm not
I don't  know  about  the details  of how  HHS  reimbursed  for the care . I do know  that , ironically , our
health  care  system  was  organized  in such  a fashion  that  in our reimbursement  system  that  precisely 
when  we needed  it most  hospitals  started  losing  money . As you alluded  to, you make  much  more 
money  with  elective  surgeries  than  you do with  caring  for acutely  ill people  during  a time  of an
epidemic , which  is nuts .
[00:44:26.100]
That  is to say, this  is when  our hospitals  were  most  needed , when  money  should  have  flowed  to them 
liberally . And  the idea  that  many  hospitals , I understand  it, quite  a few  rural  hospitals  almost  went  out
of business .
[00:44:37.530]
I read  some  news  reports  about  Maine . I'm not 100  percent  sure  about  this .
[00:44:41.820]
Yes, the government  tried  to compensate  hospitals  to make  up for the losses , but my understanding 
is it wasn't  enough . In any case , that  is is nuts  that  that  hospitals  providing  care  in a time  of a
pandemic , that  this  would  be a loss  leader , you know , that  they  would  lose  money  is is crazy , that  that 
would  happen .
[00:44:59.460]
Now , on the issue  of are we correctly  finding  it, there's  so much  evidence  that  that  that  that's  not the
case  that  I don't  even  know  where  to begin , that  it's not the case  that  we're  overreporting  covid 
deaths .
[00:45:10.410]
No, no, absolutely  not. And  the evidence  for that  comes  from  multiple  sources , one  of which  is, of
course , the consistency  in the death  rate  in places  around  the world  with  very  different  systems  of
recording  deaths , of detecting  deaths , of very  different  financial  incentives . We even  have  situations 
in which , you know , for example , we could  look  at the we had  those  famous  cases  early  on in the
epidemic  of the diamond  princess . Cruise  ships  were  no one  could  come  or leave .
[00:45:35.070]
We knew  exactly  who  got sick  and  we could  count  which  of them  died . So, you know , we could  we
could  assess  the lethality  of the pathogen . And  we now  have  a focused  studies  around  the world  of
sort of case  studies  of, you know , Manaus  in Brazil  or or villages  in Lombardy  or in Austria , where 
early  on the epidemic  just , you know , swept  through  the community  and  we can  enumerate  who  died 
during  the time  of the epidemic .[00:46:03.420]
Furthermore , there  is another  technique  that  was  introduced  in the middle  of the 19th  century  by
William  Farr , one  of the founders  of the field  of demography  that , ironically , is still in use today , which 
is the notion  of counting  excess  deaths  and  and  scientists  use.
[00:46:15.980]
Is this  even  now  when  we're  trying  to look  at historical  epidemics , let's  say you want  to figure  out how 
bad was  the bubonic  plague  or how  bad  was  the the Spanish  flu in 1918 ?
[00:46:25.700]
You don't  have  the capacity  to test  people . The  death  records  at the time  were  very  incompetent  or
incomplete .
[00:46:32.150]
How  can  you tell?
[00:46:33.590]
Well , so far proposed  that  we can  assess  the impact  of an epidemic  by by counting  up how  many 
people  are dying  of all causes  during  the time  of the plague  and  comparing  that  to the number  of
people  expected  to die if the plague  had  not been  there , for instance , in the prior  five years  in this  time
window . And  when  you do an exercise  like that , that's  how  we get estimates  that  the current  count  of
people  confirmed  covid  deaths  that  we have  in the United  States , which  is something  like two 
hundred  and  thirty  thousand , that  it's probably  an underestimate  by a factor  of about  twenty  five
percent .
[00:47:08.210]
Probably  three  hundred  thousand  Americans  have  already  died  of covid  other  words , what  we're 
doing , if anything , is undercounting  the deaths . We know  simply  by looking  at who's  dying . Now , in
fairness , some  of those  deaths  are due  to covid , but not necessarily  due  to covid  infection . For
example , if covid  causes  you to become  depressed  and  suicide  goes  up, that's  swept  up in the covid 
deaths , you know , abusing  the excess  death  metric .
[00:47:35.060]
But in any case , the point  is, is that  there  is there's  really  no there  are obvious  reasons  why  there  will
be fewer  than  normal  deaths  based  on all the behavioral  changes  due  to any kind  of lockdown  during 
a pandemic . There  had  to be a period  where  there  were  fewer  motor  vehicle  deaths  and . Yes , you
know , yeah . So the excess  death  metric  captures  all of that , both  the benefits  of covid  and  the extra 
costs  of covid . Exactly  right .
[00:48:02.300]
So let's  say there  were  more  suicides , but fewer  motor  vehicle  accidents . Some  people  have  argued 
that there  was  less  less  overtreatment  of patients .
[00:48:10.460]
You know , iatrogenic  this , which  is medical  doctor , caused  injuries .
[00:48:14.780]
They  were  likely  lower . In other  words , in the past , if you had  a mild  heart  attack , probably  the right 
thing  to do is not to not to have  a doctor  do anything .
[00:48:22.790]
But the doctors  would  do things  to you actually  increasing  your  risk of death . But under  covid , people 
with  mild  heart  attacks  maybe  stayed  at home  or didn't  come  to medical  attention . And  ironically , then
they  they  failed  to die, which  they  otherwise  would  have . So maybe  covid  saved  their  lives . But the
point  of doing  this  calculation  is that  it combines  all of that  stuff  together  and  says , OK, here  the total 
direct  and  indirect  risks  and  benefits  of covid  and  that  number  is higher  even  than  the number  of
known  covid  deaths  as reported  by doctors  along  the lines  that  you described .[00:48:59.180]
I would  also  add  that  if, in fact , deaths  that  should  have  been  ascribed  to other  respiratory  illnesses 
like COPD  or asthma  or pneumonia  were  being  inaccurately  coded  as covid  deaths , we'd  be able  to
see the rates  of COPD  and  asthma  and  pneumonia  related  deaths  go down . Yes , because  we know 
what  to expect  from  those  here . Yes , that's  right . And  in fact , reassigning  covid  deaths , COPD  to be
COVA  deaths  wouldn't  affect  the excess  death  calculation . So this  excess  death  calculation  is a kind 
of more  objective  way  of looking  at the impact  of an epidemic  which  has  been  used  for one  hundred 
and fifty  years , for real  time  epidemic  monitoring  and  for assessment  of historical  epidemics .
[00:49:43.940]
And we didn't  have  good  death  records , you know , cause  of death , rather  information . So, no, I don't 
think  that  there  is some  kind  of conspiracy  or some  kind  of a mis  miss  assessment  of of of deaths  in
our society .
[00:49:57.410]
And picking  up a little  bit on what  we said  earlier . See , one  of the ironies  is that  even  if a million 
Americans  die, they're  probably  only  going  to be about , let's  say, 10 people  for each  of those  people 
who  knew  them  personally . So that'll  be like 10 million  Americans  will know  someone  who  died  of
covid  and  probably  one  hundred  million  Americans . So like a hundred , you know , I'm sorry , 10
Americans  per decedent  who  are intimately  connected  to this  dissident  and  now , let's  say, are like
really  upset  and  worried  about  covid .
[00:50:29.180]
And then  even  if a million  Americans  die, there  will be, let's  say, a hundred  people  who  who  know  of
that person . So they'll  only  be one  hundred  million  Americans  who  know  of someone  who  died 
personally .
[00:50:39.570]
This  is a very  crude  approximation  for many  reasons  that  I don't  go into  right  now .
[00:50:43.370]
But the point  is, even  after  the epidemic  has  swept  through  our society , the majority  of Americans  will
neither  have  died  of it, nor knows  someone  who  has  died  of it.
[00:50:51.110]
And so this  is one  of the reasons  that  it's difficult  to why  President  Trump  can  get up there  and  say,
oh, nothing  bad  is happening , because  in the everyday  experience  of most  people , in fact , they're  not
going  to come  up close  and  personal  with  this  pathogen , again , for the reasons  we discussed  earlier 
about  the fundamental  nature  of this  pathogen .
[00:51:08.960]
But that  doesn't  make  it less  of a threat .
[00:51:10.820]
It doesn't  it? And  furthermore , one  more  thing . We've  been  talking  about  death , but it's very  important 
to highlight  the fact  that  we're  also  going  to see an epidemic  of disability  in our society  that's  going  to
persist  for a long  time . So so most  people  who  get the disease , including , for example , the president ,
survive  the condition . But five percent  of them , we don't  know  the precise  number  yet and  we won't 
for a while , but probably  about  five percent  will have  serious  long  term  disability .
[00:51:37.950]
They'll  have  pulmonary  fibrosis , they'll  have  renal  insufficiency .
[00:51:41.820]
They'll  have  cardiac  abnormalities . They  might  have  neurological  abnormalities . So we're  going  to
have  many  millions  of Americans  who  have  post  covid  syndrome . And  and  this  does  also  doesn't include  all the children  whose  parents  will be sick  or disabled .
[00:51:59.040]
You know , all the the the the adverse  health  events , the adverse  events  on young  children  whose 
whose  parents  have  lost  their  jobs , whose  parents  are dead  or sick . You  know , there's  just  all of this 
sadness  and  badness  that  come  in a time  of plague .
[00:52:14.610]
And unfortunately , there's  no way  to escape  it. I mean , it is it is just  an ineluctable  truth  about  about 
plague  that  it that  it is ruinous , that  this  is what  it does  to societies , that  it is one  of the four 
horsemen .
[00:52:29.100]
You know , for precisely  this  reason , it seems  reasonable  to worry  even  about  mild  so-called  mild 
cases  here . I think  there  was  one  study  that  showed  that  there  was  some  crazy  percentage  of
something  like 78 percent  of of mild  cases  had  detectable  heart  irregularities  as a result . So it was  it
just seems  fairly  clear  that  we don't  know  enough  about  what  covid  is doing  to us. And  in some 
sense , it's not even  principally  a a respiratory  illness . I mean , it's a vascular  illness .
[00:53:03.600]
And also , as you say, you know , in a neurological  one , we certainly  know  about  coronaviruses .
[00:53:09.240]
I mean , we we have  some  evidence  there  for coronaviruses  that  cause  the common  cold . In my book ,
I, I speculate  in keeping  with  speculations  by others  that  the 1890  pandemic  was  actually  not
influenza , but may  have  been  a coronavirus . And  over  time , that  virus  has  now  become  the virus  that 
one of the four  coronaviruses  that  causes  the common  cold . It's become  more  benign . We've  evolved 
as well , some  natural  immunity  to it. We get the disease  as children  and  then  when  we're  re exposed 
as adults , we have  a minor  illness .
[00:53:41.280]
There's  a whole  set of human  diseases  that  behave  this  way . So it's possible  that  this  current 
coronavirus , you know , in a hundred  years  or perhaps  sooner  will I should  just  emphasize  the virus  is
not going  to disappear .
[00:53:52.890]
I mean , it's going  to keep  circulating  among  us forever . The  only  issue  is how  will we cope  with  it? And
hopefully  we'll  have  a vaccine . And  we haven't  talked  about  that  yet. And  we can . But one  one  thing 
that is likely  to happen  is that  the the virus  will, over  a period  of years , become  more  will evolve  to be
less lethal . And  probably  we will be exposed  to it as children  when  we, as we already  know , are
relatively  less  adversely  affected  by it, as is also  typical  of other  coronaviruses .
[00:54:21.690]
For example , the two  thousand  three  coronavirus  is all discussed  in my book , by the way . And  then 
when  we were  re exposed  as adults , they  have  a more  benign  course . It's a little  bit like chicken  pox .
You know , if you get chicken  pox  as a kid, you get a pretty  benign  condition . If you've  never  had 
chicken  pox  and  you get it for the first  time  as an adult , you can  die from  it.
[00:54:40.320]
So that's  why  exposure  to chickenpox  early  on might  be a rational  strategy . So there  are lots  of
diseases  like that . And  it's possible  that  this  will join, you know , that  that  will be the pattern  for this 
particular  condition  as well . But as you said , it's early  to speculate . And  furthermore , as you also  said 
and as I was  saying , it's a serious  condition .
[00:55:01.080]
It it doesn't  just  cause  us death . It causes  us disability . And  and  the disease  is having , as we were 
discussing  earlier  in ecological  release , you know , it is it is just  spreading  it.[00:55:11.760]
You know , it is doing  what  living  things  do. It is just , you know , spreading  across  all of humanity .
[00:55:17.670]
And how  is it spreading ? Early  on, many  of us began  speaking  about  the ah, not of this . And  just  how 
how  contagious  is this  and  how  will that  respond  to the things  we we do to modify  our behavior . But
now  we're  speaking  more  in terms  of super  spreaders  and  super  spreader  events . How  do you think 
about  the spread  of this  now ? Well , we know  now  much  more  than  we did when  you and  I last  spoke 
in March , I mean , the aren't  the intrinsic  transmissibility  of the virus .
[00:55:50.800]
The so-called  are not the number  of new  the reproduction  number . The  number  of new  cases  that 
arise  in a non  immune  population  that  is interacting  normally  is between  2.5 and  three  point  five. So
for each  case  of sars-cov-2  each  infection  on average  between  two  and  a half  and  three  and  a half 
new cases  will arise  if people  aren't  immune  and  they're  interacting  normally .
[00:56:14.350]
That's  the fundamental  transmissibility  of the virus . In my book , I use an R, not a three  as a
benchmark . Now  that  is a pretty  high  are not like seasonal  flu has  an R not of between  point  nine  and 
one point  six or so. So if you have  an iron  out of one , that  means  that  for each  case  you create  one 
new case . So the so you don't  really  get an epidemic . There's  no growth  in cases . If it's below  one ,
then  of course  the case  count  declines  with  time  because  each  case  on average  cannot  reproduce 
itself .
[00:56:41.710]
Diseases  like chicken  pox .
[00:56:42.970]
I think  of an aunt  out of about  six or something .
[00:56:45.880]
Measles , which  is the most  contagious  disease  known , has  an aunt  out of eighteen  or something . And
and this  incidentally , this  also  relates  to the issue  of herd  immunity , which  we haven't  discussed , and 
also  the fraction  of people  that  will need  to be vaccinated  in order  for the population  to be immune .
So the more  transmissible  the disease , the higher  percentage  of people  have  to have  acquired 
immunity  for herd  immunity  to kick  in naturally  or the higher  the fraction  of people  have  to be
vaccinated  in order  to protect  the unvaccinated  people  in the population .
[00:57:16.850]
So the higher  the transmissibility  the disease , the higher  those  percentages  need  to be. So far, so this 
disease , we now  know  about  how  transmissible  it is.
[00:57:25.810]
But there's  another  number , which  is not the R, not is a so-called  R sub  E, the effective  reproductive 
reproduction  number  or effective  reproductive  rate , which  is what  we manipulate  when  we engage  in
physical  distancing  and  when  we try to flatten  the curve . So when  we when  we change  our behavior ,
we modify  the transmissibility  of the virus .
[00:57:45.940]
And you can  measure  and  monitor  the R e and  you can  see, oh, my goodness , everyone  is staying  at
home . Each  new  case  of the virus  is creating  less  than  one  new  case . We brought  the three  below 
one, and  that's  exactly  what  we're  trying  to do. And  we have  brought  it down .
[00:58:01.990]
And just  to pick  up a little  abandoned  thread  from  our conversation  earlier , the whole  reason  we
rightly  social  physical  distance  and  tried  to flatten  the curve  nine  months  ago  was  not like what  theChinese  achieved  by locking  down  their  country  or what  we achieved  by engaging  in the kind  of
physical  distancing  that  we did was  not the eradication  of the pathogen , that  pathogen . We can't 
eradicate  it. It's it's loose . Now , what  we achieved  instead  was  a postponement  of its impact  and  may ,
as a result , also  have  saved  some  lives .
[00:58:32.740]
Let me explain  why . When  the disease  first  struck , we had  no medicines  to treat  it by engaging  in the
sort of lock  down  behavior  that  we engaged  in, in the closing  the schools  and  the masking  and 
everything  else . We we gave  our hospitals  and  our doctors  and  our scientists  and  our supply  chains 
time  to work  so we could  make  more  PPE , which  would  then  ultimately  save  lives  if people  had  PPE  or
so. Our doctors  could  do research  to discover  how  to treat  the condition .
[00:58:59.560]
And over  the summer , we had  the first  drug  that  was  shown  to actually  lower  mortality  from 
coronavirus , which  is a very  cheap  and  old drug , the drug  called  dexamethasone . We had  a landmark 
randomised  controlled  trial , a very  large  number  of people , the so-called  recovery  trial  out of England 
that show  the dexamethasone  reduced  mortality  by twenty  percent . That's  huge . So you would  much 
rather  get covid  now  than  covered  in March , because  now  we have  a drug  that  we can  give  you that 
reduces  your  risk of dying  if you're  seriously  ill with  it by twenty  percent , which  is amazing .
[00:59:31.300]
Plus , doctors  have  learned  all kinds  of other  stuff  like to put you on your  stomach  when  you're  in the
hospital  instead  of on your  back , for example .
[00:59:38.050]
In addition , there's  some  other  drugs  like Ramdas  Severe , which  none  of the trials  have  so far shown 
that it has  an impact  on mortality . We had  a very  depressing  trial  that  was  just  released  a couple  of
weeks  ago  with  a large  number  of people  which  failed  to show  an impact  on mortality . But
nevertheless , that  drug  might  also  be helpful . So we will continue  to innovate  on drugs .
[00:59:58.000]
There  will not be a drug  that  is that  cures  coronavirus .
[01:00:01.450]
It's very  difficult  to find  to stop  viral  infections , to cure  viral  infections , unlike  bacterial  infections . But
we will likely  have  drugs  that  are more  and  more  effective , that  are discovered  over  time . And  this  is
why we had  to flatten  the curve . And  of course , we bought  ourselves  time  to invent  a vaccine . And  I
do believe  we will see a vaccine  in twenty  twenty  one , there  are over  one  hundred  and  thirty  efforts ,
foot of over  10 different  approaches  to vaccine  development  around  the world .
[01:00:30.410]
I think  sometime  in twenty , twenty  one  we may  discover  a vaccine , how  safe  it is or how  effective  it is.
[01:00:36.250]
It's hard  to predict .
[01:00:37.520]
I think  in our rush  to develop  these  vaccines , we may  find  a safety  profile  that's  not so great , which 
may  dampen  enthusiasm  for the vaccine . But but the problem  is, even  if we invent  a vaccine , we then 
have  to manufacture  it, which  is not trivial , distribute  it, which  is not trivial . We need  to maintain 
something  known  as a cold  chain  from  the moment  of manufacture  to the moment  of injection . The 
vaccine  always  has  to be in a refrigerator .
[01:01:00.380]
That's  not a trivial  thing .
[01:01:01.910]And finally , and  most  importantly , we need  to have  acceptance . People  have  to want  the vaccine  and 
have  to take  it up in large  numbers .
[01:01:09.140]
So I think  that's  going  to take  us into  2022 . That's  so from  my desk .
[01:01:14.690]
What  I see is that  either  we will invent  a vaccine  and  accomplish  everything  else  I just  described ,
which  will take  time  and  take  us into  twenty , twenty  two  or.
[01:01:24.560]
Meanwhile , the virus  is still spreading , which  means  we need  another  couple  of annual  cycles  of this 
pathogen , which  is what  respiratory  pathogens  do.
[01:01:33.650]
Only  about  10 percent  of Americans  have  been  infected .
[01:01:37.190]
And according  to some  network  science  informed  estimates , I think  about  40 or 45 percent  need  to
be infected  before  we have  herd  immunity , which  I think  then  we will reach  by 2020  to just  because 
we're  so incompetent  right  now  and  the germ  is just  spreading .
[01:01:51.770]
So one  way  or the other  from  my desk , we're  going  to be physical  distance , saying  we're  going  to have
periodic  school  closures , are going  to be wearing  masks , we're  not going  to be shaking  hands .
[01:02:00.260]
We're  going  to have  a suppression  of our economy  until  twenty , twenty  two . And  then  we're  going  to
the immediate  pandemic  period  will end .
[01:02:10.250]
But it's not going  to be an immediate  return  to life as normal , because  if you look  at what's  happened 
with  centuries  of epidemics , people  are going  to be shell  shocked . Our economy  will have  been 
adversely  affected . People's  psychology , you know , people  aren't  going  to suddenly  want  to go to
airports  or suddenly  start  shaking  hands  again  or going  to crowded  bars  and  restaurants  or
nightclubs .
[01:02:29.930]
It'll take  time  for people  to recover  from  that . So I, I put the intermediate  pandemic  period  until  2024 .
[01:02:38.510]
And then  I think  in twenty , twenty  four  we're  going  to have  the pandemic  period  where  I think  we will
return  to normal  with  some  persistent  changes . I think  people  will be working  from  home  more . I think
there'll  be a number  of other  changes  in our society . I think  gender  relations  are going  to change  in
certain  ways  as a result  of the pandemic .
[01:02:55.070]
We can  discuss  that  and  then  we're  going  to have  in twenty , twenty  four  a kind  of roaring  20s . You 
know , there'll  be an efflorescence . People  will pack  political  protests  and  and  sports  events  and 
restaurants  and  nightclubs  and  religion , which  is rising , by the way , right  now . We'll  go back  down 
again . You  know , during  times  of plague , people  find  God . They'll  be a kind  of licentiousness , a sexual 
licentiousness  and  a kind  of intemperance  and  joie de vivre .
[01:03:22.130]
And this  is typically  what  has  happened  with  past  epidemics .
[01:03:24.860]So these  these  aren't  hard  landmarks , you know , twenty , twenty  two  and  twenty  twenty  four . But
approximately  that  is what  I think  is going  to happen .
[01:03:33.590]
It's October  and  already  you're  so full of Christmas  cheer . Nicolas .
[01:03:39.470]
Well  no I mean  twenty  twenty  four . It happened  a good  no, no, no.
[01:03:44.630]
We have  to traverse  some  of this  ground  again . I thought  we were  going  to bring  this  conversation  in
around  the hour  mark , but I see no hope  of that . So first  of all, let me just  check  your  time . Neckless ,
you've  got another  half  hour  in here . Yeah , no, I'm available . Right . OK, so I want  to talk  about  the
future . The  prospect  that  nothing  like normal  life returns  until  twenty  twenty  four  is not something  that
that I have  foreseen .
[01:04:12.140]
So let's  talk  about  the near  time  horizon  here . Let's  talk  about  the next  six months . We have  a
president  who  is promising  a vaccine  any week  now , and  he's  fairly  sure  that  distributer . If you'd  like
to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get access  to
all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content , including 
bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app .
[01:04:48.550]
The Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe 
now  at Sam  Price  Tag .[00:00:20.570]
I am back  with  Andrew  Sullivan . Andrew , thanks  for joining  me again . It's always  wonderful  to talk  to
you, sir. So. First , we should  just  say that  this  is a simple  case , you are a freshly  minted  podcast . And 
I'm quite  honored  to be your  first  podcast  collaborator  here  at least . I mean , obviously , you've  done 
podcasts  in the past , but this  is your  new  Dish  podcast . What's  going  on over  there ? Tell  me about 
your  plans .
[00:00:46.590]
Well , we're  I'm incredibly  psyched  to do this  with  you is the first  one . We're  going  to do this  every 
week , we hope . And  the idea  is to be able  to have  a conversation  which  is not constrained  by all the
pressures  that  are on us now  in the media , wherever  we are, and  to talk  openly  and  and  reasonably 
with  people  of different  views , believe  it or not, and  to hash  things  out in a way  that  you've  always 
been  a master  of doing .
[00:01:12.390]
And so I couldn't  be prouder  to be launching  this  alongside  you in what  seems  to be now  a tradition .
Right .
[00:01:18.960]
Every  four  years  we get together  and  explain  why  we're  both  miserable  about  the coming  election . But
why are we going  to vote  anyway ? So thank  you. It's a big honor  and  I'm psyched . And  this  is a big
new adventure  for all of us. Nice .
[00:01:31.890]
Nice . Well , I'm very  happy  to do this  with  you. I must  say we have  quite  a checkered  past  here ,
however , because  four  years  ago  I think  we jinxed  the presidential  election . We had  the brilliant  idea 
of doing  a podcast  wherein  we proved  that  we were  in touch  with  Hillary  Clinton's  flaws  as anyone  we
were . We were  not to be outdone  by any aspiring  Trump  voter . And  then  in that  podcast , we quite 
brilliantly  to my ear turn  the tables  after  about  an hour  of running  down  Hillary  to make  the case  that 
Donald  Trump  was  much , much  worse .
[00:02:08.910]
And despite  all of our lesser  of two  evils , casuistry , we got four  years  of Donald  Trump . So let's  not do
that again . I don't  know .
[00:02:18.660]
Our influence  terrifies  me, you know ? I mean , how  could  one  possibly  speak  without  the thought  of
changing  world  history ? But we'll  do our best , I'm sure .
[00:02:27.630]
So I will start  with  you. So you want  to start  with  why  Biden  is a problem  or what  you know  with  Trump
this time ?
[00:02:34.260]
Well , I think  I think  some  of that's  going  to come  up because  I think  you and  I have  have  some 
concerns  about  what  we how  tongue  tied  everyone  is around  Biden's  flaws , you know , for
understandable  reasons . But I want  us to say something  useful  at this  point  that  just  on the off
chance  that  there  are any persuadable  people  out there . But I must  say I'm pretty  pessimistic  about 
that. I suspect  that  almost  anyone  who's  planning  to vote  for Trump  at this  point  is probably  out of
reach  of our arguments .
[00:03:07.320]
And I mean , that  doesn't  mean  we shouldn't  try to reach  such  people . But let me just  describe  what  I
think  the audience  is for. Whatever  we might  say here . I think  anyone  who  is in the Kuhnen  cult  or who
thinks  Trump  has  been  put in the White  House  by Jesus  to save  the world , or someone  who  thinks 
that, you know , Tom  Hanks  and  the Dalai  Lama  and  Michelle  Obama  are all cannibal  child  rapists ,
those  people  are obviously  not within  range  of us.[00:03:36.720]
And I don't  know  how  big a group  that  is, but there's  an impressively  large  group  of people , it seems  to
me, who  are in a kind  of, you know , whether  they're  kuhnen  or not, they're  in a kind  of personality  cult 
and they  will be immune  to anything . I have  to say here . And  I can't  imagine  you're  going  to make  a
dent  either . But there  are a few  objections  that  come  from  what  I consider  to be smart  or otherwise 
sane  people  who  are planning  to vote  for Trump .
[00:04:03.420]
And and  the number  one  objection  I get and  if I could  distill  it down  to something  this  person  might 
say, it's something  like. After  hearing  me go on a tirade  about  Trump , this  person  will say something 
like, you know , I get that  you don't  like his personality . I don't  like his personality  either . And  I get that 
you find  him  to be uncouth  and  offensive  and  so do I. And  but none  of that  really  matters . What 
matters  is policy .
[00:04:33.620]
And his policies  are fine . In some  cases , they're  better  than  fine  and  they're  better  than  Biden's  are
likely  to be because  Biden  is going  to be captured  by the left socially  and  economically . So I'm
wondering  what  you do with  that  objection . Yeah , I weirdly , I've I have  been  getting  some  of that  the
last week  or so for more  people  in my personal  environment , people  who . Keep  telling  me that , yes,
I've lost  my mind  a little  bit because  I have  become  a victim  of Trump  derangement  syndrome  and 
that the policy  options  that  are coming  before  us are so horrifying .
[00:05:15.780]
This  I mean , this  I would  just  I don't  really  agree  with  for several  reasons . I don't  think  that  the issues 
that Trump  really  campaigned  on, he's  really  done  a great  deal  for. I don't  think , for example , that  if
you thought  that  it might  be time  because  of the impact  that  free  trade  has  had  upon  various 
industries  in the US and  certainly  for white , non  college  educated  workers , that  therefore  Trump's 
critique  of what  had  been  going  on was  not without  merit .
[00:05:49.940]
And I agree  with  that . But there  has  been  no real  success  on tariffs , for example . I mean , there's  been 
some  minor  tinkering , but we haven't  seen  a turnaround  in manufacturing . We haven't  seen  a
turnaround  in things  like coal . We haven't  seen  what  he promised  in 2016 . We haven't  even  seen  any
serious , permanent  or bruited  policies  in controlling  or changing  the dynamic  on immigration , which , if
Biden  gets  in, will be back  to square  one.  We haven't  actually  seen  a a war  of ideas  that  has  defanged 
some  of the worst  elements  of the left.
[00:06:32.780]
If anything , Trump  seems  to me to have presided  over  enormous  strengthening  of elements  on the
extreme  left and  that  he has  been  their  best  friend  in so many  ways  by making  it almost  impossible  to
counter  some  of these  trends  on the far left without  seeming  to defend  the indefensible . So on those 
people  who  want  substantively, or  are sympathetic  to, a more  adjusted , as it were , conservatism , I
don't  think  Trump  has  been  competent  enough  to deliver  it. And  I don't  think  and  I think  in many  ways 
he's been  extraordinarily  counterproductive  in that  effect .
[00:07:09.540]
And so I wish  I could  say that , you know , he had  a point  about  immigration . He had  a point  about 
trade . He has  had  a point  about  white  working  class  people  in the West , but failure  to deliver , failure  to
prove  that  he can  do anything  about  these  things . And  in fact , when  you look  at it, he's  almost  not
mentioning  either  of those  key issues-  immigration  and  trade-  this  time  around , which  suggests  that 
really  his attachment  to these  causes  was  entirely  instrumental  and  that  really  all he's  about  is his
own , his own  sense  of his own  power  and  his own  centrality  to any conversation  about  anything .
[00:07:44.970]
So I don't  think  that  the argument  that  somehow  some  of the issues  he championed  are legitimate 
has been  borne  out in the last  four  years . I think  he's  I think , for example , he's  done  more  to stigmatizeand taint  the cause  of some  kind  of control  of mass  immigration  than  anyone  on the left could  ever 
have  done . And  and  I think  that's  really  emboldening  the people  that  he said  he was  trying  to oppose 
and disempower .
[00:08:11.040]
Yeah , well , your  point  about  the way  in which  he's  empowered  the far left is is very  important  because 
this is a very  common  claim-  that  Trump  is some  kind  of bulwark  against  the craziness  on the left. But
to the contrary , Trump  has  empowered  the far left. His ugliness  has  given  the far left whatever 
semblance  of justification  it's had.  Right? H is flirtation  with  racism , his failure  to clearly  repudiate 
white  supremacy ...
[00:08:45.930]
I mean , he has  repudiated  white  supremacy  to a greater  degree  than  people  on the left to give  him 
credit  for. I mean , he has  actually  done  it in places , but he's  done  it so badly  and  so unconvincingly 
that he is almost  the perfect  goblin  to merit  the counterreaction  on the left. And  so the all the
craziness  of the "woke-ness"  cult  and  the overreaching  of Black  Lives  Matter  and  all of that  has 
happened  on Trump's  watch . And  you could  certainly  argue  in large  measure  because  of Trump  and 
because  of how  bad  he is.
[00:09:21.540]
So just  the idea  that  he is somehow  a corrective  to this  seems  crazy . And  what  I would  expect  to have
under  Biden  is not, you know , the full capture  of Biden  by the 'wokeness' . I would  expect  all of us to be
able  to far more  credibly  pivot  and  turn  our attention  on the wokeness  and  repudiated  I mean , not that
not to say we haven't  been  doing  that , but we now  do it under  the shadow  that  the right  and  the far
right  under  Trump  has  managed  to produce .
[00:09:54.750]
Whereas  under  a Biden  administration , the wokeness  can  be discussed , as you know , in terms  that 
that reveal  it to be as unhinged  and  unpragmatic  as it is. The  manner  of his politics , which  is that  the
truth  is entirely  dispensable , that  narratives  are what  really  matter , that  he can  give  a speech  and  he's 
been  giving  these  campaign  speeches , which  are essentially  built  upon  a complete  fantasy  about 
what  is going  on as well .
[00:10:24.690]
I mean , covid  is the most  obvious  example  in which  he's  declaring  that  it's over  and  we've  succeeded 
at the moment , that  it's surging  even  in the places  he's  visiting . And  if you could  go through  his listen 
to the last  debate  and  I try to follow  the arguments  that  he's  making  because  I I want  to understand 
what's  happening . And  they  just  impossible  to follow  because  they're  built  upon  complete  lies and 
delusions  half  the time . Fake  statistics , invented  scenarios , complete  hyperboles  in ways  that 
completely  distort  any kind  of rational  debate  so that  you're  reduced  when  you absorb  the way  Trump 
discusses  with  the resort  to feelings , essentially  tribal  feelings , feelings  of emotion  that  he seeks  to,
to evoke  and  to exploit  in a way  that  are rational .
[00:11:17.340]
Functioning  is is short  circuited . Because  how  can  you begin  to counter , argue  Trump  when  it is
simply  a stream  of inventions  that  are entirely  and  always  self-serving , combined  with  a constant 
attempt  to trigger  and  to inflame  anybody  who  might  conceivably  take  an issue  with  it? And  there  is
something  about  that  that  creates  a political  dynamic  in which  other  actors , those  opposing  him ,
because  they  can't  actually  engage  reasonably  with  certain  arguments , with  evidence , they  then  are
empowered  to put forward  their  own  narrative , their  own  delusions , their .
[00:11:55.260]
Own  tribal  fantasies  to counter  what  he's  doing  in a pointer  to the extent  to which  I really  think  we're 
lost, we we are truly  lost . When  you listen  to the debates  going  on, there  is not a shared  set of facts .
There  isn't  a shared  understanding  that  we have  to apply  reason  to these  facts . There  is no
deliberation  happening  at all. And  when  I when  I wrote  like four  or five years  ago  now  that  this  kind  of
rhetoric , this  kind  of worldview , which  is entirely  narcissistic , which  is entirely  subjective , which  isentirely  about  feeling  and  emotion , this  is an extinction  level  event  for liberal  democracy , even  as
much  as liberal  democracy  requires  all of us to engage  in a respect  for counterargument , reasonable 
counterargument  and  to and  fro and  and  trying  to accept  the result  of some  kind  of deliberation .
[00:12:55.270]
This  he has  completely  subverted  in our psyches  and  in our public  debate  and  therefore  empowers 
irrationality  everywhere , including  on the left, so that  we we've  witnessed  people  saying  things  and 
what  he called  truthful  hyperbole . When  you think  about  some  of the insane  things  that  he said , well , I
think  of describing  the multicultural , multiracial  dynamic  America  in 2020  as a form  of white 
supremacy  is nothing  but a mirror  image  of this  truthful  hyperbole , which  makes  it almost  impossible 
to engage  with  reality .
[00:13:33.790]
That's  what  he's  done  and  he's  not solely  responsible  for it. And  I'm not going  to say that  workless  or
far left of the attack  upon  liberal  democratic  values  he entirely  created . He didn't . He was  partly  a
product  of that . But we have  a test  case  of whether  he can  make  it better . And  in fact , he, by the very 
manner  of his engagement  in the discourse , is making  it much , much  worse  all the time .
[00:14:01.410]
Yeah , he has  this  this  almost  supernatural  ability  to make  his enemies  worse , people , you know , or
behave  like sociopaths . I mean , he being  this . Sociopath  manages  to corrupt  even  the well-intentioned
reactions  to his norm  breaking  and  I mean , this  is what  bothers  me so much  about  this  this  allegation 
of Trump  derangement  syndrome  or just  this  claim  that  we get that  you don't  like him  as a person , but
that doesn't  matter . The  problem  with  that  is that  it doesn't  even  begin  to make  contact  with  the the
criticism  of him  as a person  which  is actually  relevant  to his governing  and  his assuming  the
responsibility  of the presidency .
[00:14:46.350]
Because  as president , it really  does  matter  that  Trump  is a terrible  human  being  who  values  nothing 
beyond  his own  personal  gain  and  who  lies more  than  any person  in human  history . These  are not
private  flaws . These  are flaws  that  have  done  immense  harm  to our politics  and  to our society . And  I
mean , just  look  at covid . I mean , covid  as just  one  one  phenomenon , which  is in my mind , it's not even
the main  problem  with  his presidency  thus  far.
[00:15:19.110]
But it's just  one  case  where  these  flaws , you could  argue , have  led to the deaths  of some  tens  of
thousands  of people  who  wouldn't  be otherwise  dead . But for what  he has  done  to the messaging 
around  the around  the public  health , messaging  around  the pandemic . And , you know , more  broadly 
than  that , I think  it really  matters  that  we have  become  the kind  of society  that  could  give  a person  like
this so much  power  and  responsibility . I mean , it's just  like when  you think  about  the underlying  values
here , do you think  about  if you're  you know , if you're  a parent  and  and  you could  list the virtues  that 
you you hope  your  kids  embody  by the time  they  become  adults , you want  your  kids  to be
intellectually  curious  and  generous  and  honest  and  have  integrity  and  have  moral  courage , have 
empathy , compassion , wisdom .
[00:16:13.650]
Every  parent  would  aspire  to this . And  Trump  is the living , breathing  negation  of these  virtues . He not
only has  none  of them , he is just  bursting  with  their  opposites . Right . He is greedy  and  malevolent  and
uncomprehending  and  is completely  unaware  of his deficits . Right . I mean , he's  just  this  may  sound 
like, you know , a mere  opinion  about  his personality , but it's not. I mean , these  are statements  that  are
every  bit as objective  about  him  psychologically  as saying  that  he is, you know , overweight  or that  he's
taller  than  average  or that  he's  got, you know , bronzer  on his face  or whatever  conspires  to make  him 
that color .
[00:16:50.970]
And it matters  what  kind  of person  you put in this  role  and  whatever  you want  to say about  Biden . And
we'll  talk  about  the scandal  that  no one  will talk  about . I don't  know  if you have  any information  about our opinions  about  that , but, you know , whatever  you might  want  to say about  Biden  and  whatever ,
you know , peripheral  corruption  he could  be found  guilty  of. There  is no question  that  as just  as a
person , as the ethical  core  of him , as a person , he is on another  planet  from  Trump , and  that  has  to
matter .
[00:17:24.320]
I think  maybe  an interesting  comparison  here  is Bill Clinton , who  I think  characterological  is pretty 
awful  person , but nonetheless  was  capable  of operating , even  if he was , let's  say, economical  with  the
truth . At times  there  was  at least  some  kind  of respect  he gave  to the notion  of making  rational 
arguments  with  evidence  and  a respect  he took  even  with  when  he was  being  persecuted  by a special 
counsel  with  nonetheless  going  through  the motions  of cooperating  with  it, even  at one  point  being 
deposed  and  speaking  to something  which , in contrast  with  the things  that  Trump  was  accused  of in
impeachment , completely  trivial .
[00:18:09.080]
But Clinton  was  able , in some  ways  his personal  character  did, I think , affect  his probably , but not to
the same  extent .
[00:18:16.010]
And this  is the key thing  here , it seems  to me, is a kind  of extraordinary  and  extreme  pathological 
narcissism , which  prevents  Trump  literally  from  understanding  the experiences  of anybody  outside  of
himself  and  his inability  to see that  he is just  one  part  of a bigger  system  and  that , in fact , as
president , he has  responsibility  for the interests  of other  people , too.
[00:18:42.590]
So that  pathological  narcissism , which  is which  is really  deeper  in him  than  I've ever  come  across  in
anybody  in public  life, means  that  when  you come  to a situation  like suddenly  there's  a covid  crisis ,
what  are your  instincts , your  instinct , if you were  a regular , reasonably  normal  person  is, blimey , we've 
got to do something  about  this . How  do we figure  out what  the most  sensible  precautions  are? Let's 
let's pick  up the pandemic  playbook  that  we had  inherited .
[00:19:12.710]
And you might  even  think  that  some  of his instincts  politically  would  be very  successful . So, for
example , he's  kind  of the guy that  likes  to shock  Borders . Well , he could  have  shot  every  border . He's 
kind  of the guy that  seeks  to control  the country , seeks  to put himself  at the middle  of it. Well , he
could  have  made  all sorts  of gestures  to shutting  down  the country , to imposing  mass .
[00:19:32.960]
He had  incredible  leeway  to do whatever  he wanted . But if especially  if your  goal  is to control  the
epidemic , what  did he do? He immediately  understood  this  to be a possible  threat  to the economy ,
which  meant  to his reelection . So his instinct  was  to deny  it, to push  it out of his mind , or if it did
happen , to try and  tell a story  that  made  it not important . So he continually  and  persistently  lied in
order  to push  this  out of his consciousness  because  he was  concerned  it wasn't  affecting  him , even 
though , of course , it would  personally  in the end .
[00:20:10.940]
But that  basically  incapacitated  him  from  from  making  any kind  of sane  judgment  about  this . You 
know , he in some  ways  you would  think  this  xenophobic  germophobia .
[00:20:21.410]
I mean , this  is a man  that  won't  let anyone  near  him  or didn't  historically , it wouldn't  wouldn't  shake 
anybody's  hands . If someone  coveney  him  in the Oval  Office , he would  ask them  to leave . He was 
pathologically  hostile  to germs . That's  why  he likes  fast  food , we were  told . I mean , you never  press 
the Lois  button  on an elevator  because  he was  terrified  of germs . Why  didn't  this  guy use all those 
things  he had  in his armour  to launch  a real  campaign  against  covid , which  would  have  helped  him 
actually  politically  in the end ?[00:20:52.700]
Why ? Because  he simply , narcissistically  couldn't  believe  that  if he were  to reduce  economic  growth ,
it would  harm  him  politically . That's  all simple  Short-Termism  inability  to see beyond  that . And  the
other  thing  we learned  in the campaign , of course , is that  within  his own  structure , within  the
Republican  Party , within  his own  administration , we saw  this  as long  ago  as the first  campaign . No
one, no one , no one  has  any authority  to stop  him  doing  anything .
[00:21:21.230]
He he's  really  extraordinary  in his ability  to persist  with  his his narcissism  through  any advice ,
criticism , other  alternative  viewpoints  to such  an extent  that  it's a kind  of blindness  that  that  when  the
real shit  hit the fan, when  the emergency  happens , as it always  it often  does  in a presidency , he just 
didn't  have  the skills  to do. His narcissism  was  so pathological , it prevented  him  from  doing  even 
obvious  and  sensible  things .
[00:21:55.340]
Yeah , he is a kind  of moral  and  psychological  paradox  in a way , because  he it's almost  like, I think  of
the the fine  tuning  argument  for God . And  you and  I have  debated  religion  in the past . Ah, I don't 
remember . You  put in any weight  on the fine  tuning  of nature's  constants  as proof  of the existence  of
God. But many  have  done  that . And  just  to remind  people , you know , if the gravitational  constant  were
slightly  different , you know , there'd  be no formation  of galaxies  and  all the rest .
[00:22:23.220]
And if. The  charge  on the electron  were  different  with  than  many  things  would  follow  that  would  be
incompatible  with  life, and  it turns  out that  these  constants  are tuned  within , you know , the tiniest 
fraction  of a hair  to values  that  are compatible  with  the universe  as we know  it. And  any change  would
make  things  worse . And  it's almost  like he's  the virtues  I listed  a moment  ago . It's almost  like he's  got
these  tuned  to their  worst  possible  settings .
[00:22:53.300]
But this  doesn't  actually  make  him  the worst  possible  person . I mean , when  there  are people  who  are
objectively  worse  than  Trump , you know , you just , you know , compare  him  to Hitler . Hitler  is worse .
But the things  that  actually  make  Hitler  worse  are actually  virtues  like courage  and  a commitment  to
something  beyond  yourself . Right . Like  if you add  those  generic  virtues  to an otherwise  malevolent 
asshole , well , then  he becomes  a more  competent , more  self  sacrificing , malevolent  asshole .
[00:23:22.940]
Right . So evil gets  amplified  by virtues  in certain  context . It's almost  like Trump  has  everything  dialed 
to it's the least  respectable  level . He is not a courageous  person . He's  not a competent  person . He's 
not a consistent  person . He's  committed  to nothing  beyond  himself . But this  makes  him  again , it's it is
almost  supernatural , the degree  to which  he manages  to skate  through  situations  that  would  would 
have  destroyed  any other  predecessor  politically . I mean , literally , he is guilty  of a thousand 
indiscretions  which  would  have  torpedoed  the presidency  of anyone  else .
[00:24:02.250]
So even  someone  like Clinton . Right . Who  I share  your  estimation  of Clinton ? Not  at all a fan. And  I
think  he's  you know , there's  definitely  something  sociopathic  about  him , but at least  because  he was 
actually  quite  smart  and  well  informed  and  paid  lip service , if nothing  else , to the values  of being 
consistent  and  competent  and  all the rest . You  know , even  as a liar, he felt the burden  to lie in a way 
that his audience  would  not detect .
[00:24:28.760]
Right . So you have  to be consistent  in your  line. You  have  to remember  what  lies you've  told . I mean ,
you have  to insert  the lie in the right  place  in the paragraph  so as not to have  your  dishonesty 
immediately  detected . Trump  feels  no burden  of any of that . He is functioning  by a completely 
different  psychophysics . And  for that , it's almost  like he's  an extraterrestrial  that  has  been  put down 
into the political  context  of DC and  he's  managed  to train  everyone  around  him  through  just  sheer 
destruction  of their  expectations  to accept  everything .[00:25:03.980]
And it really  is. I mean , honestly , I think  he could  have  had  a Jeffrey  Toobin  scandal  of his own  this 
week , you know , been  caught  jacking  off on Zoome . And  he would  be fine . Right . Like , literally , his
defenders  would  come  forward  and  say things  like that's  how  much  he loves  America . This  guy is just
so full of passion . Anything  is acceptable  from  him  to his cult . And  I just  have  never  seen  anything  like
this.
[00:25:27.650]
No.
[00:25:28.040]
And I've never  witnessed  someone  capable  of believing  their  own  lies with  such  aplomb  and  vigor  and
energy . There's  not a single  moment  in his public  life that  he has  ever  seen  fit to even  qualify , even 
when  he said  things  that  are so grotesquely  untrue  that  obviously  he will never  concede  the slightest 
scintilla  of doubt  about  it and  the huge  assertion  of a big lie and  the self-confidence  and  the
psychological  tenacity , extraordinary  to insist  upon  this  and  to sustain  it perpetually . This  is four  years
of sustaining  a series  of extraordinary  fantasies  which  started  by telling  us even  when  we can  see it
with  our own  eyes , by starting  with  telling  us that  his inauguration  crowd  was  absolutely  bigger  than 
Obama's .
[00:26:17.540]
Whatever  your  lying  eyes  are telling  you when  you look  at that , that  his ability  to say that  and  to insist 
that it be true  and  somehow , by virtue  of his own  psyche , to force  those  around  him  to accept  it.
[00:26:30.770]
But he but even  more  because  their  inconsistent  fantasies , even  within  the frame  of his own 
utterances , within  the span  of of a few  minutes . Right . Like  he's  he's  he doesn't  even  have  the burden 
of being  consistent  with  what  he said  thirty  seconds  ago .
[00:26:46.680]
Yes. And  that  is the key to his domination , because  because  the people  around  him  have  to agree  to
both  things . I mean , they  have  to agree  to first  that  black  is white  and  they  have  to agree  to the black 
is blue . And  that  is the way  in which  he enforces  his domination . This  is an entirely  primitive , primal ,
dominant  mode  of engagement . It is utterly  it's a warlord  mentality . It is a mafia  boss  mentality . It is.
[00:27:17.930]
I will say whatever  and  you will believe  it. And  the I honestly , I think  the capacity  to pull that  off is a
function  of some  kind  of extraordinary  mental  disability , I mean , psychological  illness , that  it that 
there's  an energy  to this . I mean , look  at the man . I mean , he's  74, right ?
[00:27:37.440]
That's  one  version  he has .
[00:27:39.010]
He has  the virtue  of energy  that  is otherwise  incomprehensible . I mean , the guy is he's  the picture  of
health  and  it's a perverse  kind  of health  because  he's  obese  and  he doesn't  exercise . And  he you can 
tell he he's  you know , the rumors  about  him  eating  nothing  but crap  are almost  certainly  true . But it's
it's like he is. And  this  is a unfortunately  fairly  depressing  comparison  with  Biden . I mean , just  the
physical  presentation . I mean , Biden  looks  that  they  both  stumble  over  their  words , but Biden's 
stumbles  look  like senescence  and  Trump's  just  looks  like more  TRUMP .
[00:28:12.790]
Yeah , there's  it's it's it's it's you know , when  he says  maybe  I'm immune , maybe  I'm a Superman , my
genes  are like these  incredibly  powerful  things . I mean , and  the truth  is, I mean , I'm just  have  to sit
there  and  say, you know , I really  don't  know  anybody  with  this  level  of energy  sustained  this  long  with 
this amount  of stamina .[00:28:33.220]
I mean , for God's  sake , the man  had  covid-19  only  a few  weeks  ago . You  see his mid  70s . And  I once 
thought  for a minute  that  reality  would  actually  impose  itself  upon  him . But no, no, he's  even  immune 
to that .
[00:28:49.240]
Right . So I take  it back . He's  got he's  got one  dial that's  not tuned  to the worst  possible  position . I envy
him his energy . That's  just  the way  he has  always  campaigned . I mean , that  is there's  something  quite
amazing .
[00:29:02.400]
There  is something  there  is something  about  mental  illness  that  can  provide  that  kind  of energy .
That's  why  it's inexhaustible , because  it's built  upon  a real  psychosis  within  it. It's real  desperate  need 
never  to sit still. I mean , the man  has  clearly  never  spent  a moment  in reflection , never  spent  a
moment  in silence . I doubt  you get no impression  this  man  has  an interior  life. It's entirely  a directed 
it's an empty  void  within  that  is constantly  seeking  affirmation  and  in that  desperation  has  a kind  of
unbelievable  energy  that  also  in the past  defeated  his creditors , defeated  anyone , anybody  rival  of his
in the real  estate .
[00:29:47.050]
Just  in the end , even  though  he crashed  his company , even  though  he bank  I mean , he he he gave 
banks  unbelievable  headaches . In the end , he's  indefatigably  required  them  to finally  leave  the table ,
forgive  the debts , cut their  losses  or his ability  to not pay people , his ability  to sue people  into 
submission . This  is a very  deep  and  ugly  you know , I I do think  of the ancients  understanding  what  a
tyrant  is.
[00:30:16.000]
I think  what  we've  seen  is the tyrant  is to Plato  and  Aristotle . Out of control , personally , out of control ,
entirely , a function  of his appetites  which  are insatiable  and  which  there  is no governing  process 
within  his mind . There  is no ego  to control . The  air is all it, and  it's all momentary . So and  it's that 
impulse  that  frightened  me and  still frightens  me, given  the system  that  we live in. And  one  of the
things  I've watched  is, is, you know , people  were  worried  that  he would  become  a dictator  or
something .
[00:30:53.960]
And I looked  back  and  looked  through  what  I wrote  about  him  four  years  ago  to see if I, you know ,
screwed  up, if I had  exaggerated  and . I do think  some  of us didn't  fully . Assimilate  his incompetence 
or his laziness , and  and  that  is a huge  relief  in a way .
[00:31:13.990]
That's  my point  about , you know , the comparison  with  with  a truly  evil dictator  is he doesn't  have  the
competence  or the commitment  that  would  elevate  him  to that  slot . I mean , he would  need  more 
virtues .
[00:31:28.360]
He would  need  to have  a sense  of responsibility , which  is what  we understand  to be adulthood , which 
is that  you understand  that  your  own  actions  affect  others  and  you are cognizant  of that . He has 
never  seemingly  grown  up at all.
[00:31:41.260]
I mean , this  is a child  like person  of extraordinary  appetites  and  impulses  and  whims  and  fury , the
anger , the rage  that  drives  him  all the time . I mean , that  is also  prevented  him , for example , for in any
way reaching  out to others  or to expanding  his base . He has  not sought  to persuade  people . He
sought  to rally  them  because  persuading  others  has  to give  them  some  status , some  some  equality  to
him. These  are people  who  could  choose  this  order , and  he has  to persuade  them  that  that  implies 
that he's  in some  way  different  to them , even  if it's a minimal  form  of deference .[00:32:19.570]
He can't  do that . So it has  to be constant  rallying  rather  than  persuasion . And  that's  why  he's  not
expanded  his base  but has  increased  its fervency . And  I don't  think  that's  going  to end  entirely . But I
think  if he were  to lose  and  I'm pretty  sure  he will, but I'm not still part  of me that  wonders  if these 
polls  have  really  captured  what's  going  out going  on out there .
[00:32:42.940]
Yeah , well , we're  we're  right  to be shellshocked  from  last  time  around . So we are.
[00:32:48.400]
But he also , you know , it turns  out he kind  of wants  to be a talk  show  host  sitting  in the Oval  Office ,
that he that  he he talks  about  his own  administration  as if he were  observing  it as opposed  to
directing  it, and  because  he lives  in a strange  world  without  actual  responsibility . So, hey, I just  got the
biggest  platform  in the world . I will tweet  thirty  thousand  times  irrational , crazy  insults . And  and  and 
and I think  that  is I mean , the impact  that  that's  had  on all of our psyches  over  four  years  cannot  be
overstated .
[00:33:26.620]
I think  of him  as president  is like being  in a family  where  one  person  is mentally  unwell .
[00:33:32.960]
You're  over  time , every  everyone  becomes  mentally  unwell .
[00:33:37.150]
It takes  you so much  bandwidth . I mean , that's  I can't  imagine  even  his supporters , even  people  who 
love him , I can't  imagine  they  feel  that  this  change  that  has  come  over  our society  in the last  three  and
a half  years  is good .
[00:33:50.890]
I mean , it's just  everyone  has  to be exhausted  by politics  taking  up this  much  bandwidth  and  not just 
politics , but the tribal  politics , like intensely  emotional , psychologically  exhausting , emotionally 
draining , constant  conflict , rage , emotional  outbursts . This  is all heat . There's  almost  been  no light  at
all. And  I certainly  think  that  psychologically  I've been  I mean , I'll admit  it, I think  he's  gotten  into  my
head . And  has  Hannas  created  I mean , I had  a clinical  depression  just  a couple  of months  after  he
was elected .
[00:34:29.980]
And I know  that  as a joke . I'm saying  that  having  too absorbed  a crazy  person  every  day that  you can't 
really  avoid . It reminds  me of those  people  that  have  to live in totalitarian  regimes  with  the picture  and
the face  of the Dear  Leader  is constantly  in your  eye. You  can't  you can't  get away  from  it. It's on your 
wall.
[00:34:50.070]
You have  to adhere  to it. You  have  to you have  to acknowledge  it at every  time  so that  there  is no
space  left.
[00:34:56.970]
If you have  a time  without  Trump .
[00:34:59.400]
And what  do you what  do you make  of the fact , though , that  there  are people  you know , if we haven't 
already  driven  them  from  our audience , there  are people  listening  to us who  just  don't  understand  this 
allergy  we have  to trump . It's like. So, you know , I would  just  kind  of ran through , you know , all the
reasons  why  I find  him  to be a despicable  person . But there  are people  who  just  don't  see this  about 
him.[00:35:25.680]
And I and  now  I mean , honestly , it's so evident  to me that  it's that  I can't  I don't  really  have  even  a
theory  of mind  for someone  who  can't  see any of this . But I mean , he's  a kind  of for me, he's  a kind  of
and this  is you know , this  just  plays  into  the hand  of anyone  who  would  accuse  me of Trump 
derangement  syndrome  because  of this  kind  of has  a quasi  Freudian  structure . But if you told  me that
I was  going  to suffer  some  kind  of neurological  illness  that  would  make  me exactly  like Trump , I
would  fucking  kill myself .
[00:35:59.640]
I mean , honestly , I think  the last  the last  time  we spoke , I think  this  was  in one  in one  of my diatribes 
about  Trump  years  ago . I recall  the scene  in The  Exorcist  where  the you know , the priest  is performing
the final  ineffectual  exorcism  of of Linda  Blair . And  and  I think  he's  strangling  her. And  and  the the
devil  comes  into  him , you know , visibly  comes  into  him  and  he shines  out from  his eyes , you know , the
the green  the green  eyes  of Satan .
[00:36:27.660]
And at that  moment , you know , he has  this  moment  of kind  of wrestling  with  himself  and  then  he
hurls  himself  through  that  window  and  down  those  stone  steps .
[00:36:34.260]
And that's  exactly  what  I would  do. I mean  I mean , honestly , like, he he everything  I hope  to be,
everything  I everything  I admire  in myself  and  want  to to increase  and  everything  I'm depressed  about 
myself  and  want  to change . Everything  is pointing  in the opposite  direction  from  what  Trump  has  fully
actualized  in himself . And  it's just  so he is a kind  of super  stimulus  to me. It's just  he is just  the most 
appalling  person  I can  name .
[00:37:03.870]
Right . And  again , I mean , honestly , it's like the invidious  comparisons  to someone  like Osama  bin
Laden  are honest . I do not feel  the same  way  about  Osama  bin Laden , though . I recognize  the harms 
that he caused  based  on his ideology . And  obviously , I've said  more  than  my piece  against  jihadism ,
but Osama  bin Laden  is as a person  is far more  understandable  to me and  far less  reprehensible 
personally , psychologically  than  Trump .
[00:37:30.960]
And I think  the way  people  and  this  is just  a guess , because  I'm honestly , genuinely  shocked  when  I
look  at polling  and  find , for example , that  white  Catholics  are 50 50.
[00:37:42.150]
Now , I was  you know , I brought  up a Catholic . I am a Catholic . There  are certain  core  I mean , we can 
disagree  about  the religious  faith , but there  are certain  values  that  are taught .
[00:37:52.320]
And he is literally  the negation  of every  single  one . I mean , there  it is almost  impossible  to come  up
with  someone  less  officially  Christian  in the virtues  than  Trump  is, and  yet half  of them  think  he's  OK.
And look , here's  one  thought , is that  they're  not really  thinking  about  him . They're  thinking  about  the
people  they  hate  thinking  about .
[00:38:14.310]
Those  he drives  the liberals  crazy , as you hear , you know , on at least  from  my microphone . And  they 
love that  about  him .
[00:38:22.270]
And I understand  that  that's  the thing  I. I totally  get that  they  honestly  drive  me up the wall . I get into 
irrational  states  of loathing  of of some  of these  people . And  they're  in my class  and  they  are all
around  me. I live with  them . And  at some  point  I'm just  God  damn  these  people . And  if and  he is if you
imagine  that  people  are just  blinding  themselves  to who  is and  just  are so consumed  by loathing ,
contempt  for the elites , then  you can  see how  psychologically  you can  support  him  without  thinking too much  about  him .
[00:38:59.040]
And and  he is if you think  of him  as one  giant  middle  finger . Then  it works , and  I do think  there  is and  I
do think  the way  in which  the media  has  responded  and  which  other  institutions  have  responded ,
including  things  like the FBI and  CIA and  the mainstream  media  in its broad  sense , and  even  the
judiciary  who  have  gone  nuts .
[00:39:23.240]
Let's  let's  they  have  overplayed  their  hands  in ways  that  equally  undermine  our confidence  in a liberal 
democracy . This  seems  as if it's all to some  great  tribal  struggle . And  if it is that  tribal  struggle  and 
you know , you hate  those  people , well , maybe  it's tolerable . Maybe  he's  maybe  he's  just  simply  a
weapon  at hand . And  given  the the sort  of way  in which  those  elites  have  never  truly  copped  to their 
responsibility  for some  of the worst  decisions  in the last  30 years  in this  country , especially  insofar  as
they  affected  regular  working  class  white  people , I think  is integral  to understanding  his appeal  as a
concept .
[00:40:07.310]
And I can't  I sympathize  with  that . I really  do. And  I've tried  to learn  from  it at the same  time . He is so
despicable  and  so dangerous . I mean , the fact  that  we are sitting  here  a week  before  an election  and 
neither  you nor I can  know  for sure  that  one  of the candidates , in fact , the president  will wait  patiently 
for all the votes  to be tallied , where  there  will be no question  that  there  will be a clear  and  obvious 
transfer  of power , that  we will be resolved .
[00:40:38.630]
We will have  this  big conflict , but it will be resolved  and  we will move  for the fact  that  we don't  know 
that for sure . The  fact  that  this  man  is even  holding  the stability  of our system  as a weapon  shows  an
unbelievable  level  of recklessness  and  irresponsibility  and  a true  danger  to everything . And  I'm you
know , I'm so tired  of being  told  right  now  that  you overestimate  it. You  hyperventilated . He doesn't  get
a dictator's  lovable . And  this  is a very  sort  of world  weary  sense .
[00:41:08.420]
Yes, but what  are we supposed  to do when  a president  says , I may  not abide  by the results  of the
election ? Are we supposed  to sit there  and  say, oh, well , we know  he doesn't  really  mean  that  or we'll 
be fine ? No, that's  not our responsibility . Why  are we being  put in this  position  at all? How  dare  this 
man  come  into  our democracy  and  threaten  it this  way ? It is unprecedented . Well , I'm not really  sure 
about  this , but at this  point , like, no, fuck  you, that  is not tolerable .
[00:41:35.690]
No party  should  support  it. No one  can  tolerate  it. And  yet he does . And  by doing  that , for those  of us
like me who  are institutionally  very  conservative , who  believe  that  liberal  democracy  is is fragile ,
needs  to be defended . This  is this  is this  is a crime  against  our very  system  of government . The  fact 
that this  man  can  sympathize  with  and  openly  support  people  who  are engaging  in the most  hideous 
repressive  measures  like Putin  or she or he could  actually  withhold  tell she don't  worry  about  putting 
all those  workers  in concentration  camps .
[00:42:08.840]
I'd be with  you if I were  ever  that . This  is sorry , but it's just  it's it's not a personality  flaw . It's a it's a
critical  undermining  argument  to everything  that  we believe  in in the West . Yes , so you've  just  hit upon
the the worst  current  thing  about  him , and  it's the one  recent  fact  that  I think  in isolation , I mean ,
forget  about  everything  else  we've  said  about  him  and  or could  be said  about  him  that  I think  should 
be a deal  breaker  for somebody .
[00:42:39.120]
The fact  that  we have  a a sitting  U.S.  president  who  will not commit  to the peaceful  transfer  of power 
should  he lose  the election . I mean , this  is just  so unbelievable  and  it is so dangerous  and 
irresponsible  that  I think  that  that  should  be the only  thing  you have  to know  about  him  to know  that you can't  vote  for him . I mean , I really  do think  that  there's  that  that  really  does  supersede  any other 
concern  we could  have  about  anything . And  and  there  are literally  a thousand  other  things  that  almost
rise to that  level .
[00:43:15.240]
I mean , the fact  that  he's  a someone  who  repeatedly  has  asked  why  we can't  just  use our nuclear 
weapons . Right . I mean , he's  the one  person  in our society  who  can  launch  a nuclear  first  strike . And 
he seems  to be conflicted  over  the ethics  there . There  are literally  hundreds  of things  like that  that  we
could  dredge  up to disqualify  him  or prove  his unfitness  for office .
[00:43:38.280]
But the fact  that  he will not commit  to a peaceful  transfer  of power  here  and  the fact  that  he's  willing 
to roll the dice  with  the obvious  harm  that  that  is doing  to our politics  and  the risk that  is amplifying 
for political  unrest  in the aftermath  of the election . I mean , it's just  the thing  that's  amazing  to me is
that that  he has  not lost  support  on the basis  of that . I mean , I would  I would  think  that  his support 
and his support  should  go to zero  after  saying , I mean , the only  thing  he could  say that  is equivalently 
crazy  to this .
[00:44:16.560]
And he almost  did it. I mean , he he made  a joke  about  Biden  getting  assassinated  at one  of his rallies 
the other  day. But the only  thing  that's  actually  analogous  to him  not committing  to a peaceful 
transfer  of power  is for him  to actually  encourage  his supporters  to assassinate  Biden . If he stood  up
at a rally  and  said , listen , we'd  all be a lot better  if one  of you put a bullet  in this  joker  right  there . If he
did that , the truth  is, I'm not even  sure  that's  worse .
[00:44:42.810]
I think  it might  be more  shocking  to some  people . But the fact  that  he is willing  to roll the dice  with 
endless  allegations  that  the election  is rigged , there's  no way  he could  lose . But for essentially  a
Democrat  run coup  and  he's  not going  to commit  to the peaceful  transfer  of power  and  he's  just 
willing  to just  let that  aftermath  play  out with  four  hundred  million  guns  in the society . It is
unbelievable  that  we're  here  and  it's doubly  unbelievable  that  we haven't  seen  the support  for him  go
to zero  on on that  basis .
[00:45:16.560]
Yes. And  the truth  is that  I am genuinely  frightened  of a close  result . Which  he refuses  to
acknowledge . I'm genuinely  frightened  of unbelievably  specious  attempt  to call the election  on
election  night , regardless  of whether  we've  completed  or voted . I've counted  all or even  a majority  of
the votes . The  fact  that  I'm afraid  that  he could  indeed  call for violence  in the streets  in his defense ,
that he could  stoke  and  would  talk  about  this  as if he weren't  ultimately  responsible  for law and  order 
in the United  States  is simply  unique  in the history  of the United  States , that  we're  unique  in the history
of Western  democracy , actually , and  given  the passions  that  he has  created  and  given  also  the racial 
fault  line that  he has  mined  and  given  the radicalization  that  he has  also  enabled .
[00:46:12.090]
But not he hasn't  created  it entirely  himself , but he has  definitely  made  it worse . We're  talking  about 
probably  the most  dangerous  period  in modern  American  history  in terms  of the stability  of the actual 
regime , of the stability  of the system  when  the person  in charge  of the system  openly  speaks  of no
responsibility  for maintaining  it. In fact , because , again , I come  back  to this  pathological  narcissism 
he cannot  see outside  his own .
[00:46:40.490]
Personal  pride , ego  and  self-interest , that  we are still in a terribly  precarious  situation  in this  country 
and I will I will not breathe  easily  or sleep  well  until  he is removed  from  office .
[00:46:59.360]
And I felt that  way  because  I can't  ever  see because  he's  never  given  us any indication  of any limit ,
any limit  to what  he will and  will not do. It is a constant  process  of shock . And  when  you look  atclassical  depictions  of crazy  tyrants , this  is their  capacity  as part  of what  maintains  their  power . They 
never  tell you the limits  on what  they  can  do. They  always  keep  you guessing . We'll  see what  happens .
It's one  of his favorite  phrases , which  is a threat .
[00:47:31.100]
It's not an observation . And  his his refusal  to ever  put any outer  limits  on what  he can  and  cannot  do
in terms  of this  culture  is is unique  and  it is terrifying  and  and  I'm sorry , but Republicans  and 
conservatives  who  sort  of roll their  eyes  at this  as if what  they're  witnessing  is entertainment .
[00:47:55.220]
Truth  is, I don't  think  I've seen  the rank  and  file Republican  response  to his unwillingness  to commit  to
a peaceful  transfer  of power . I mean , how  have  you noticed  how  Republicans  spin  that  and  bracketed 
or or otherwise  convey  their  reasons  for not taking  it seriously ?
[00:48:16.040]
I haven't  seen  a clear . Absolutely  unequivocal , except  maybe  from  Romney  statement  from  people 
with  power  saying  this  is unacceptable  and  must  be stopped  there , tell us that  it's not going  to
happen . He's  just  joking  this  constant . He's  just  joking  stuff . Again , it it suggests  that  we're  watching  a
mini  series  rather  than  living  in an actual  functioning  republic .
[00:48:42.440]
But I mean , in this  case , he's  so obviously  not joking . This  ball has  been  teed  up for him , you know ,
now  at least  a dozen  times .
[00:48:51.140]
And every  time  he declines  to hit it in the way  you would  expect  a US president  to, I think  it's because 
he sees  himself  sort  of in a lawsuit  where  you never  concede  anything  and  you you until  the very  last 
minute  when  you if you are forced  to settle , you may  be forced  to settle , but you'd  certainly  never  give 
away  any leverage  in advance , which , of course , might  be a sensible  strategy  if you are a private  actor 
within  a system  which  is already  guaranteed  some  basic  security  when  you are actually  the president 
of the United  States  and  you're  putting  the entire  system  at risk, I just  think  there's  an incredible 
complacency  about  the stability  of the system , which  really  does  help  reinforce  to me who  thinks  of
himself  as a sort  of classical  conservative , just  how  anti  conservative  this  Republican  movement  is.
[00:49:42.830]
It is absolutely  contemptuous  of procedures , norms  and  institutions , has  absolutely  no concern  for
their  preservation . Does  not even  see the system  that  we live in for what  it is, it is simply  a TV show . It
is simply  a talk  radio  show . It is simply  a forum  for entertainment . And  yes, I can  get moved  east 
another  way , but by the entertainment , I can  get really  pissed  off at all these  crazy  lefties . I can  I can 
love listening  to Joe .
[00:50:14.090]
I can  do all that , but I'm not. I'm not going  to keep  my eye off the ball of sustaining  the system . I've
read  enough  history . I've seen  enough . I've read  enough  literature  to see what  is in front  of our noses ,
which  is this  guy should  never  have  been  in there  ever .
[00:50:32.560]
Yeah , there's  now  this  this  loss  of trust  in institutions . But the loss  of trust  is, to a shocking  degree ,
warranted . I mean , there  has  just  been  a hollowing  out of institutions . And  there's  a you know , there's 
been  a denigration  of them  to the point  where , you know , you're  just  not even  sure  how  many 
competent  people  are left in positions  of responsibility  at places  like the FDA  and  the CDC . And , you
know , the press  has  based  on its own .
[00:51:03.580]
I mean , for the very  dynamic  you described  to me, like so much  of the counterreaction  to Trump , the
necessary  counterreaction  has  been  so deranged  by how  bad  he is that  now  you have  something  like
The New  York  Times  is the worst  possible  incarnation  of itself  because  it has  been  so captured  by thespirit  of the resistance .
[00:51:26.350]
And it's true , for example , with  some  of these  quotes  that  struck  down  his immigration  rulings , which 
were  self-evident  from  the get go within  his purview , agree  with  him  or disagree  with  him , that  some 
of these  legal  and  judicial  arguments  to be thrown  up by some  of the courts  which  have  eventually 
been  shut  down , have  nonetheless  been  discredited . The  courts , I think , in a way  that  was  always  a
danger  in this . The  overreaction  was  always  going  to be as dangerous  long  term  as his his is his
excrescence .
[00:51:56.140]
And and  that's  what  the trick  is within  liberal  democracies  to keep  trying , keep  these  things  at bay,
because  otherwise  they  cannibalize  everything . They  cannibalize  the rule  of law. I mean , what  he's 
done  with  the Justice  Department , for example , I mean , what  he's  done  to the credibility  of the FBI and
which  is, I think , terrible . And  as much  as we do have  to have  trust  in neutral  institutions  that  enforce 
the law, and  if the FBI doesn't  have  that  trust , we're  in terrible  trouble .
[00:52:26.320]
At the same  time , he's  provoked  reactions  within  those  systems  that  I think  have  been  excessive .
[00:52:32.760]
I, I do think  and  in the media , I mean , I think  the the Russia  obsession , the notion  that  we were  going 
to prove  that  he is a paid  agent  of the formerly  from  the 1980s  onwards .
[00:52:46.180]
I mean , this  stuff  was  was  a fantasy  and  it was  even  though  there  are a lot of troubling  ties  between 
him and  there  are simple . There  he doesn't  have  any qualms  or scruples  about  taking  aid from 
anyone , and  he naturally  sides  with  dictators  because  he likes  them , he thinks  they're  cool .
[00:53:05.980]
He thinks  they're  the ones  that  really  know  what's  going  on. So he support  for us or he's  close  to Putin
with  completely  overdetermined .
[00:53:13.990]
But the entire  establishment  had  to engage  in what  turned  out to be a three  year  long  goose  chase  to
find some  obvious  smoking  gun , which  was  never  going  to be there  in the first  place  and  has  thereby 
helped  discredit . A great  deal  of these  institutions , I mean , I think  what  you read  in The  New  York 
Times  today  is is is that  is that  when  you read , for example , Ben  Smith , The  New  York  Times , not to
get personal  at this , but who  is who's  who's  who's  defending  keeping  the Hunter  Biden  staff  out of the
press ?
[00:53:45.350]
When  you realize  that  this  is the person  who  published  the Steele  dossier  without  any qualms 
whatsoever  or any context  or anything  other  than  here  it is. Let's  have  a look  at it. You  begin  to realize 
just how  the press  has  discredited  itself  and  in public  opinion  also . And  I must  say so. I mean , I look 
at places  like CNN  and  I just  I can't  believe  it anymore .
[00:54:04.510]
Yeah , it's completely  broken . It is. It is broken  so badly . And  and  a function  of this , of course , is that 
it's also  incredibly  boring . You  look  at what's  happened  in in mainstream  media , and  it is one  endless ,
tedious  recitation  of the same  prejudices  and  views  without  any and  you've  seen  them  internally  be
incapable  of accepting  a diversity  of opinion  within  their  own  ranks . It's been  a terrible  period  for
media , even  though  they  have  done  incredibly  well  financially  by pandering  in this  way  and  by
becoming  essentially  abandoning  any pretense  of neutrality  if they  don't  realize  that  that  in itself  is
also  an attack  upon  liberal  democracy .
[00:54:50.660]And I want  there  to be a newspaper  where  I can  which  I can  trust , and  I want  to read  a newspaper  that
I don't  read  every  page  and  feel  there  is an obvious  agenda  here  that  that  even  I who  loathe  the man 
and despise  many  of his policies , I still find  irritating  and  and  crude  and  self  discrediting .
[00:55:12.410]
Well , that's  just  a crucial  line that  can't  be crossed . I mean  that  there  are so many  valid , honest , well 
calibrated  things  you can  say against  Trump  that  you never  need  to exaggerate . You  never  I mean ,
people  I say this  knowing  that  some  people  have  been  listening  to me for the last  hour  or think  I've
exaggerated  his flaws , but I can  assure  you I haven't . But to take  the one  piece  of fine  print  I put out
earlier  on is that , you know , he has  this  very  frequent  attack  against  him , that  he didn't  condemn  white
supremacy  and  that  he in the aftermath  of Charlottesville , he said  there  were  good  people  to find 
people  on both  sides  and  left it that  right .
[00:55:51.530]
That's  simply  untrue . You  can  take  five minutes  to listen  to the press  conference  where , you know , the
fine people  utterance  first  escaped  his mouth . And  it's within  15 seconds  of of saying  that  he said , I'm
not talking  about  the white  supremacist , you know , that  we should  condemn  them  utterly . He was 
absolutely  clear  about  that , that  he was  talking  about  what  he imagined  to be a different  crowd  of
people  who  were  simply  protesting  the removal  of monuments  that  were  dear  to their  heart .
[00:56:19.850]
Right . And  these  are these  were  not the tiki torch  carrying  antisemite .
[00:56:23.890]
He made  it. He did make  a distinction  that  the press  simply  lied about . And  Biden  lies about  it and 
Kamala  Harris  lies about  it and  whether  everyone  knows  they're  lying  or not or they  just  can't  be
bothered  to figure  out what  is one .
[00:56:35.830]
I don't  know . Wonders  whether  Daniel  Dale  has  ruled  on this . There  are other  things  that  have  said 
about  him  that  are not true , that  are unfair .
[00:56:43.950]
Yeah . The  point  is, you never  need  to do that , right ? You  never  need  to be dishonest  with  respect  to.
[00:56:51.740]
Yes, but there  a gender  in doing  that  because  they  want  to racialized  this , that  the left has  done  a
great  sterling , constant  job of saying  that  what  this  is really  about  is not in liberalism , it's not the
dangers  of a person  who  doesn't  who  can't  be trusted  or who  is a fantasist  or a narcissist  or
dangerous  person . They  they  want  to make  this  into  proof  that , in fact , all of America  just  voted  twice 
for Obama  is is a white , not just  racist , but white  supremacist .
[00:57:21.830]
And therefore , they  have  to up the ante  all the time . What's  fascinating  to me is that  after  four  years  of
that. Full use of it, it looks  as if Trump  is going  to significantly  increase  even  from  a very  low base , but
nonetheless  increased  support  among  blacks  and  Hispanics . And  if Biden  wins , it's going  to be
because  he won  over  elderly  whites  rather  than  so. The  actual  data  that  we're  seeing  does  not does 
not portray  this . And  you also  realize  that  the people  who  were  critical  in giving  Biden  the nomination 
were  basically  solid  black  Democratic  voters  who  who  who  have  their  feet  on the ground  and  their 
head  screwed  on.
[00:58:00.030]
Right .
[00:58:00.390]
Who  understood  that  it is not in the interests  of African-Americans  to have  their  entire  neighborhoods 
ransacked  with  with  looting  and  rioting  and  and  and  inflames . The  people  do want  to see police misconduct  held  to account . They  do want  to see real  reform . And  there  is a huge , I think , majority  for
practical  common  sense  reforms  in in restraining  police  abuse . Absolutely . But that  is being  blown 
away  by an attempt  to create  this  sort  of grand  racial  tribal  narrative  that  isn't  actually  borne  out in in
reality .
[00:58:34.200]
And that's  also  the case  with  the question  of immigration , where  where  what  are completely  genuine 
and completely  legitimate  democratic  arguments  about  how  much  immigration  should  we have , how 
little  immigration  we should  be, the how  should  we enforce ? These  are completely  legitimate 
questions  for politics . And  yet we are told  that  anybody  raising  these  issues  or even  having  anything 
but a completely  permissive  view  is inherently  thereby  a white  supremacist .
[00:58:57.720]
Now , of course , when  people  are being  told  that . The  things  that  they  just  wanted  to have  a voice  on,
that they  are bigots  for even  raising  it. Of course , they're  going  to be more  concerned  and  hate  the
people  calling  them  bigots  than  the person  they  think  might  actually , in the end , stand  up for them .
And that  helps  helps  Trump  do what  he he wants  to do. I don't  I think  I think  Trump  is. Yeah , I think 
he's I think  in the sense  that  he's  dismissive  of African-Americans  and  contemptuous  of and  lacks  any
empathy  or compassion  or any sense  really  of the nuances  of history  is a racist .
[00:59:33.860]
Yes. But do I think  he's  the kind  of long  standing  white  supremacist  seeking  to oppress ? No. He's 
desperate  for minority  votes . He champions  them . He talks  about  them  all the time . It's more 
complicated  than  that .
[00:59:46.840]
And I think , well , he is totally  without  ideology . You  know , he's  not committed  to anything . I do think  I
believe , you know , to a moral  certainty  that  I have  evidence  that  he is racist . Just  but it's not especially
public  evidence . I've talked  about  this  before , but I know  at least  two  people  who  have  it directly  from 
Mark  Burnett  that  he buried  The  Apprentice  tapes  and  that  that  on those  tapes , you've  got Trump 
using  the N-word  in earnest , not talking  about  it as a as a word , but just  just  using  it, because  that's 
what  he calls  these  people .
[01:00:23.050]
We also  know  that  he's  a rapist . I mean , this  is not this  is not up for dispute .
[01:00:28.990]
So you just  struck  a point  of contact  to the Hunter  Biden  scandal  that  no one  will talk  about . The  truth 
is, I haven't  looked  into  this  enough  to have  formed  an opinion  about  it. I just  know  how 
inconsequential  an exercise  that  would  be, because  the truth  is, there's  basically  nothing  that  could  be
there  that  would  swamp  the invidious  comparisons  I've made  between  Biden  and  Trump  thus  far. It's
like, you know , even  if you could  prove  to me that , I mean , to take  another  scandal  that  no one  wanted 
to talk  about , the allegation  that  Biden  had  sexually  assaulted  somebody  who  was  working  for his
campaign  or whatever  was  20 years  ago .
[01:01:07.540]
At a certain  point , The  New  York  Times  talked  about  that , but only  to sort  of put it back  and  in the
closet . It didn't  seem  especially  credible , I think , in the end  to people . But even  if it had  been  every  bit
as credible  as the allegations  against  Trump , well , it's one  allegation  against , what , 20 in Trump's 
case ? I mean , so it's like there's  nothing  you're  going  to find  in the Hunter  Biden  story  that  is going  to
rise to the level  of the corruption  I already  know  Trump  is guilty  of.
[01:01:39.700]
And that's  why  it's deeply  uninteresting  to me. But I share  people's  concern  that  we are now  in a place 
in our democracy  where  we feel  like we can't  even  report  stories  because  they  could  so destabilize 
our politics  so that  we would  wind  up with  four  more  years  of Trump . I mean , I think  it is, in fact  true 
as a matter  of just  the changes , you know , hourly  changes  in public  opinion  that  Comey  is reactivationof the of the Hillary  Clinton  investigation  in the last  week  of the campaign  is why  Trump  became 
president .
[01:02:17.890]
I mean , it was  obviously  it was  there  many  other  variables  here , but that  was  the thing  that  changed 
the polling  decisively . I mean , you can  just  essentially  time  it to the hour , but we're  here . So I don't 
know  what  should  we be doing  with  Hunter , Biden  and  and  Joe  Biden  at the moment ?
[01:02:32.920]
I've I've thought  about  this , too. I think  the reason  why  they  did have  an impact  is because  it played 
right  in 2016  as it played  right  into  the existing  narrative  of Clinton  as a crook , basically , and  as a and 
as a very  deceptive  and  self-interested  old fashioned , corrupt  politician .
[01:02:50.020]
And so it hit that  way , although  the truth  is that  even  then  we're  talking  about  a massive  double 
standard , because  whatever  you could  convict  anyone  else  of in that  regard , Trump  has  that  in
triplicate .
[01:03:04.360]
Yeah , I have  I have  done  my best  to read  these  stories  about  the Biden's  laptop  and  when  I think  it
rather  like you rather  casually . Like  you, I think  well , compared  to Ivonka , compared  to Dongzhou ,
compared  to the unbelievable  open , proud  corruption  of this  obviously  corrupt  family  in the White 
House . This  is trivial . And  I think  and  and  I do but I do think  that  carefully  engineered  last  minute 
partisan  oriented  sudden  revelations  should  be met  with  skepticism  and  restraint  from  the media .
[01:03:40.360]
And I think  that's  perfectly  sensible , what  the Wall  Street  Journal  did in reporting  this  out and  telling  us
what  wasn't  there , actually , that  there  wasn't  anything .
[01:03:50.440]
There  was  the right  thing  to do, the extraordinary  attempt  to forbid  any discussion  of this  in any other 
media  source . The  way  in which  bring  this  up is regarded  as some  sort  of horrifying  thing , whereas  in
fact, obviously  it seems  to me Hunter  Biden  is a corrupt  individual , the way  in a legal  way , most  of the
time  there's  nothing  illegal  about  the way  he parlayed  and  peddled  his connection  to his father . And 
this is a problem . It is it pales  in insignificance  compared  to what  Trump  is doing  and  has  done .
[01:04:26.260]
And it doesn't  implicate  Joe  himself . But the the way  in which  the mainstream  media  has  responded 
instinctively  to suppress  this  story  and  the way  in which  social  media  then  reacted  also  by
suppressing  this  story . I cannot , but I'm nervous . Yeah , this  is this  is a media  that  is not and  is more 
interested  at this  point . In controlling  the news  then  then  then  then  airing  it, and  I don't  think  the
Giuliani  slightly  nut ball interviews  about  this  or that , some  of the details  of this , I don't  think  that  that 
persuasive  I don't  think  it would  dramatically  shift , but I don't  like the idea  that  we have  a media 
interested  in keeping  from  the public  stuff  that  might  change  their  minds  about  a political  debate  with
at this  point  in a in a campaign .
[01:05:19.690]
I just  don't  like it. It's not what  our instincts  should  be as journalists . Our core  instinct  should  be what 
the air, what's  in it. It shouldn't  be to put it out there  like Ben  Smith  did with  the Steele  dossier . It
should  be, however , not to say this  must  never  be talked  about . And  what  I've seen  I mean , the refusal 
to air this  except  on FOX  and  then  there  are some  lonely  people  like Matt  Taibbi  who  is interested  in in
writing  about  this , and  Glenn  Greenwald , who  is, I think , trying  to write  about  this  intercept , but that 
you won't  find  it anywhere  is troubling  to me.
[01:05:54.280]
And especially  troubling  because  if we do get a change  of regime , if we do get Biden  in, then  all these 
people  are going  to be involved  not just  in suppressing  information , suppressing  information  onbehalf  of those  in power . And  I see I see the mindset  among  my peers  in journalism , and  it it kills  me,
they  really  do believe  that  their  job is to advance , quote  unquote . Social  justice  is not to get as much 
information  out to people  as possible  and  let them  decide  for themselves .
[01:06:24.990]
And that's  a that's  a. It's a really  disturbing  thing , and  I've seen  it up close  and  I've seen  the pressure 
socially  on people  not to do this  and  being  a journalist  is to be an asshole  in so many  respects . It is. It
is to embrace  your  position . Is the skunk  at the party , the person  bringing  up the unpopular  stuff , the
the stuff  now  you can  do it responsibly , irresponsibly . And  I'm not I'm not saying  this  stuff  should  have
been  spread  all over  the place  immediately .
[01:06:54.960]
But I am saying  the way  the media  has  responded , this  seems  to me deeply  unhealthy . It speaks  to a
rot in in mainstream  media  and  its understanding  of what  journalism  is. And  it concerns  me. It really 
does . I don't  I understand  why  people  want  a last  minute  comi  with  some  bullshit  distorting 
everybody's  views  at the last  minute . But and  I do think  this  was  cynically  done  by partisan  people  for
partisan  purposes , but.
[01:07:21.820]
Hunter  Biden  is almost  certainly  a shady  individual , and  Joe  Biden's  refusal , refusal  even  to address 
the question , simply  to dismiss  it out of hand  is a smear  job as opposed  to engaging  it.
[01:07:35.410]
Similarly , his refusal  is absolute  refusal  to say where  he stands  on the question  of court  packing ,
which  is an incredibly  important  topic , and  to have  been  supported  by the mainstream  media  in in not
answering  these  questions . In fact , cheering  him  for not answering  them  is troubling  and  certainly 
troubling  for the future .
[01:07:53.800]
It reveals  that  the media  is disposed  to treat  and  social  media  are disposed  to treat  much  of
American  society  as dangerous  children . But the truth  is that  given  what  has  happened  and  given  the
dangerous  child  half  of our society  voted  for last  time  around , that's  not totally  unwarranted . I mean ,
there  really  is this  concern  that  even  with  however  scrupulous  you are to deal  with  the information , it
is a kind  of informationally , it is a kind  of toxic  waste  that  will get spread  around .
[01:08:27.700]
And given  the asymmetries  here , I mean , what's  so amazing  is The  New  York  Times  gets  one  thing 
wrong  to its everlasting  discredit , whereas  Fox  need  not get anything  right , you know , and  they're  both
considered  news  organizations . And  Trump  can  lie and  lie and  lie and  lie. And  no one  cares . And  it
can be as obvious  as the sun  is in the sky and  yet catch  Joe  Biden  lying  clearly . And  that  could 
completely  derail  his campaign , but for good  reason .
[01:08:56.570]
I mean , those  are those  are the norms  we want . We want  to get back  to a world  where  to catch 
someone  lying  in public  life dictates  a real  reputational  cost . You  know , how  did we get so far from 
that? Again , in trumpeting  everything  functions  by a different  physics  and  awareness  of that , this  hero
is just  paralyzed  us in trying  to deal  with  it.
[01:09:17.990]
I get it. I think  you're  absolutely  right . I think  social  media  can  do things  that  are really  destructive . And
I do think  some  level  of responsibility  from  those  who  control  the social  media  and  is important . I'm
just concerned  that  it gets  to a slightly  pathological  and  rather  knee  jerk  attempt  to suppress 
information  rather  than  to get it all out.
[01:09:39.610]
And what's  also  then  the Streisand  effect  is by trying  to suppress  it. You're  now  calling  attention  to it.[01:09:45.760]
And it's although  it seems  like they  have  managed  to squash  it, I don't  think  the fact  that  there  isn't 
really  anything  really  damning  in this  about  Joe  Biden  himself  has  helped  keep  this  thing  from  not
being  the central . And  of course , it shouldn't  be a central  issue  in the campaign . Of course , Tucker 
Carlson , sitting  down  for an hour  to spread  the stuff  is is clearly  not really  a function  of journalism . It's
a function  of partisan  warfare .
[01:10:09.190]
At the same  time , again , I'm being  squishy  here , but I. I do think  you have  to as a journalist , if this  stuff
comes  out, you have  to, for example , ask Biden , is this  untrue ? Do you do you are you telling  us that 
this is a complete  fraud , that  this  laptop  is not home  to Biden's , that  nothing  in this  is true  about 
Hunter  Biden ? Is this  is this  an entirely  false  flag  operation ? And  the fact  is he hasn't  been  forced  to
say yes or no to that .
[01:10:36.430]
Right . And  and  he should  be forced  to say yes or no that  we should  know  if he thinks  this  is an entire 
fabrication  or if he thinks  it's a real  thing  that  somehow  they  got hold  of this  laptop . It really  is onto 
Biden  and  but it's being  distorted  or manipulated  or that  those  are two  options . He hasn't  been  the
press  has  let him  get away  with  that .
[01:10:56.680]
So let's  say we escape  the worst  possible  outcomes  here  and  arrive  at something  like the best 
possible  from  our point  of view , which  is, you know , Biden  wins  in a landslide  and  there  is a peaceful 
transfer  of power . And  Trump  tries  to I mean , it's interesting  to consider  what  he will attempt  to do as
an ex-president . I guess  I'm just  wondering  what  what  aftermath  can  you imagine  for Republicans ?
Just  imagine  the Republicans  who  will at that  point  try to diminish  their  culpability  for having  enabled 
Trump  for four  years , just  culturally , politically , what  is this , the process  of resetting  going  to look  like?
[01:11:43.990]
It's almost  like you need  Truth  and  Reconciliation  Commission  to give  people  the space  in which  to
offer  the appropriate  mea  culpas  and  to get a reboot .
[01:11:54.640]
I'm not sure  it's that  hard  because  I think  you can  make  an argument  and  I'm looking  at sort  of centre 
right  parties  in Europe  on this . This  there  are things  that  Trump  identified  and  elevated  that  are real .
There  is a real  worry  about  large  swaths  of the working  and  middle  classes  in the West  being 
completely  left behind  by globalization  and  the power  of unrestrained  global  capitalism . And  there  is
also  a genuine  question  of how  fast  a population  can  change  demographically  without  being 
counterproductive  in terms  of provoking  racist , xenophobic  or nativist  responses  when  it is at what  is
a historic  peak .
[01:12:41.330]
I mean , not seen  for another  over  a century  of something  like 14 percent  of the entire  population  of
the United  States  not having  been  born  in United  States , which  is as high  as it's been  since  the early 
20th  century  after  which  there  was  a very  draconian  immigration  law. I think  there's  those  issues  can 
be integrated  into  a more  sensible  and  liberal  Democratic  conservatism  that  that  you can  harness 
patriotism , you can  harness  traditional  values  with  skepticism  towards  completely  free  trade  and  with
some  more  control  and  enforcement  of immigration  laws  in a way  that  is a completely  plausible  and 
probably  quite  popular  position .
[01:13:26.490]
And it's something  that , for example , in the UK, the Tories  were  able  to do quite  successfully  and  win
an 80 seat  majority , the biggest  majority  in in decades  in the UK parliament . And  even  though  they're 
struggling  with  covid , obviously  that's  that's  quite  an achievement . I don't  I'm I'm quite  optimistic 
about  the possibility  of a kind  of adjusted  conservative . It's not going  to be a return  to neo 
conservatism . In foreign  policy , it's not going  to be a return  to neoclassical  economics , it can't  be
because  they  have  become , I think , a victim  of their  own  success .[01:14:03.660]
So I do think  there's  a possibility  for a figure  to emerge  to say we get what  you were  saying . We
realized  this  guy was  out of his mind . I mean , they're  not going  to say it quite  that  boldly , but they  will
emphasize  things  like the rule  of law, give  and  take  in a democracy , those  kind  of values . But what  I to
be honest , what  I really  hope  is that  Biden  Biden  will be and  present  himself  as being  a unifying 
president .
[01:14:32.310]
And that  means  really , first  of all, finding  a way  to try to keep  us and  keep  this  economy  alive  during 
covid , which  is going  to be brutal  in the next  six to nine  months . But I do think  there  is a real  opening 
for a major  stimulus . I think  there's  a real  opening  for major  infrastructure  investment , for green 
energy  investment . I do think  there  is an appetite  for repairing  our traditional  alliances , which  could  be
very popular . And  I do think  there's  an appetite  for police  reform , which  is not framed  in terms  of
some  sort  of great  reckoning  with  institutionalized  racism  or white  supremacy , but which  is geared 
towards  bringing  the races  together  around  law and  order  and  protecting  everyone .
[01:15:22.600]
I, I think  there  is. A real  opening  for that  kind  of center , centrist  Democratic  position , which  is going  to
actually , in policy  terms , be a shift  economically  to the left. And  I think  if Biden  is able  to do that 
without  caving  to some  of the more  extreme  cultural  and  social  elements  in his coalition , he could  be
extremely  successful . And  so I my hope  is that  we might  move  away  from  tribalism .
[01:15:52.640]
I'm encouraged  by Biden's  quixotic  but enduring  belief  that  he can  talk  to a few  Republican  senators 
and get some  kind  of support . I do think  that  Biden  uniquely  does  not trigger  white  voters  in a way 
that another  Democrat  might . I do think  that  that  there  will be a big fight  within  within  the Democrats 
over  who's  going  to win. And  in my darker  moments , I think  Biden  is just  out of it and  will cave  and  will
will bring  in so many  crazy  ass turkeys  into  the situation  that  it will all become  terrible .
[01:16:28.430]
But I don't  want  to give  up on that  possibility . It's not like Biden . Biden  has  run a campaign  for the
center . He has  not, even  though  he has  endorsed  big infrastructure  spending  and  debt , which  I think  is
probably  necessary  given  the extraordinary  crisis  of the global  economy  in this  epidemic . But I think  in
general , he's  he's  quite  appealing  to lots  of people , as we've  seen . And  I think  he's  also  a decent 
person  in the as inasmuch  as he wound  outrageously  lie, he won't  stir up racial  animosities .
[01:17:05.490]
I was  just  today , for example , he just  came  out very  simply  and  said  that  the riots  and  looting  in
Philadelphia  last  night  are just  unacceptable  and  wrong , period . And  that's  important . It's important 
that the cops  understand  that  the president  is not going  to sell them  out at every  opportunity , even 
though  he's  going  to be tough  in making  sure  that  the injustices  that  are there  are are examined  and 
root it out. You  know , I just  wonder  whether  Biden  isn't  actually  a better  spokesman  for Obama  is that 
Obama  was  even  though  Obama  was  incredibly  eloquent , there  was  there  was  just  something 
culturally  that  didn't  that  clearly  it didn't .
[01:17:40.010]
I found  him  unbelievably  inspiring  and  culturally  ennobling  and  and  wonderfully . But clearly , that  didn't
work  for large  numbers  of people . And  they  felt alienated  to some  extent . And  Biden  is not that  the
fact that  the Democrat  Democratic  base  picked  this  guy, the fact  that . Black  voters  disproportionately 
picked  this  guy is encouraging  to me, and  it's an opportunity  for us to revive  a certain  liberal 
Democratic , I mean , those  in two  small  L Molde  terms  around  this  rather  conventional  figure  of Biden .
[01:18:17.730]
I can't  wait  for that . And  I can't . I won't . I so desperately  want  the temperature  to go down . I want  I
want  some  of the tension  to be released . I want  I want  a president  I don't  have  to think  about  for a few
weeks .[01:18:31.110]
I want  I want  someone  whose  core  psyche  I'm pretty  comfortable  with , even  though  Biden  over  the
years  is driving  me nuts . And  he's  irritating  in some  ways . And  he's  he's  he's  he's  confusing  and  and 
he can  be and  he has  been  a blowhard . What's  interesting  to me is the Biden  they've  given  us in this 
campaign . It's not that  Biden , he is more  the elder  statesmen  come  together . Let's  all get along .
Figure , elderly , figure , someone  who  represents  a past  understanding , for example , of bipartisanship .
[01:19:04.230]
And these  are things  that  they  have  advertised . They  put them  front  and  forward . That  matters  in
terms  of how  the administration  will evolve . He's  going  to have  enormous  pressure  on him  from  the
left. But I think  my hope  again , I can't  guarantee  this . And  part  of me is pessimistic , but my hope  is
that he can  really  do that . He can  put together  a civilized  civil  coalition  around  the center . And  I think 
that and  I actually  think  this  is another  debate .
[01:19:34.980]
If he gets  a really  big win, I think  that  helps  him  against  the left because  he's  going  to bring  in a whole 
bunch  of Democrats  into  the Senate  and  the House . You  are going  to be answerable  to swing  voters 
in marginal  seats . And  and  if you look  at the way  the Democrats  responded , the way  they  campaigned
in twenty  eighteen , if that  is where  Biden  goes , then  I think  it's quite  possible  he'll  he'll , he'll , he'll  do
very well .
[01:20:01.320]
And but as you point  out, he is the elder  Biden  and  you know , to the point  where  it does  not seem 
irrational  to imagine  that  he's  a one  term  president  and  he's  he may  well  be succeeded  at some  point 
in the middle  of his term . By Kamala  Harris . I mean , actuarially , it would  not be a terrible  surprise . So
how  do you view  the prospect  of a Harris  presidency ?
[01:20:34.020]
Well , you ask me that  question . This  is the part  we cut out so as not to give  energy  to Trump  voters .
[01:20:41.190]
Yes, I. I'm not that  I wasn't  that  to be honest  with  you, there's  an element  of her that  that  obviously 
seems  to be tough  minded  and . I'm certainly  in favor  of women  in high  office , and  that's  a plus  as far
as I'm concerned , there's  an element  to her that  has  seemed  a little  unserious , to be honest  with  you. I
mean , I remember  her in one  of those  debates  where  she said  that  within  100  days , if they  didn't  pass 
gun control  legislation , I can't  prove  exactly  what  she said  she would  make .
[01:21:13.140]
She would  do something . She  would  enforce  it herself . And  I'm like Bridon  actually  in that  debate  said ,
well, you know , constitutionally  you can't  do that . You  know , that's  not within  the powers  of the
president . And  I was  like, wow , that's  an obviously  good  point , and  I waited  for her to respond . She's 
she's  a prosecutor . She  knows  the law constitutional  and  she just  kind  of giggled  and  laughed  and 
said , oh, come  on, Joe , we can  do it if we try.
[01:21:37.620]
Yes, we can . And  I was  like, that  is not a serious  person . Right .
[01:21:41.640]
But in terms  of fears  that  she is is a fool , you know , avatar  of the weakness , I think  make  her history 
as a prosecutor  would  suggest  that  she's  not among  the defund  the police  crowd , whatever  lip service
she's  paid  to Wackness .
[01:21:56.760]
No, but she's  also  seems  to have  a finger  in the wind  and  is is a somewhat  canny  politician . And  we'll 
see.[01:22:06.560]
You have  to die for her to succeed . I think  there's  still quite  a chance  he'll  be hanging  on for four  more 
years .
[01:22:11.910]
I don't  think  he's  going  to run again . And  I do think , therefore , after  the midterms , there's  going  to be a
real fight  for the future  of the party . I can't  imagine  running  for a second  term . And  I do think  that  also 
gives  Biden  an opportunity . You  know , if you are trying  to be the unifier , if you're  trying  to be the
person  who  settles  things  down  and  attempts  to put us back  together  in some  way , then  not having 
an interest  in your  own  perpetuation  for second  term  gives  you a kind  of platform  to do that  more  in a
bipartisan  way .
[01:22:44.100]
And I do think  that's  Biden's  instinct . I do think  he misses  the old politics . Now , there  are many  who 
say, don't  be an idiot , the Republicans  are evil, that  they  will they  won't  compromise . They  can't  deal .
They  will probably  oppose , for example , unbelievably  necessary  stimulus  during  covid . They  will
probably  do what  they  attempted  to do with  Biden , with  Obama , which  is, you know , basically  try and 
cripple  his ability  to repair  the damage .
[01:23:12.780]
That  depends  how  badly  they're  defeated , I think , and  who's  left. And  it also  depends  on whether  they 
take  the same  attitude  to Biden  that  lead  you to Obama . And  I think  Biden  does  have  some  serious 
relationships  in the Senate , particularly  that  helps  him .
[01:23:26.370]
I do think  he's  better  at congressional  engagement  management  than  Obama  was  for for
psychological  reasons . And  I do think  Biden  is capable  of of reminding  many  people  in the middle .
What  I'm thinking , particularly  white  people  say in the Midwest , that  the Democrats  aren't  viscerally  in
characterological  hostile  to their  interests  and  ideas . And  I think  his religious  faith  plays  a part  in
credentialism  him  in that  way . His background  does . And  I think  especially  in a health  crisis , I think 
there's  something  about  his ability  to empathize  with  people  who  have  been  stricken  with  grief  and 
illness  in your  truckle .
[01:24:09.960]
Yeah . Is is actually  important . We need  it.
[01:24:13.320]
I mean , there  is nothing  feigned  about  that . I mean , whatever , you know , whatever  you do or don't 
know  about  him  as a person , his backstory  as someone  who  has  suffered  bereavement  upon 
bereavement . And , you know , in the first  case , just  the most  shocking  kind . I mean , the idea  that 
someone  with  these  reserves  of compassion  and  just  empathy  for human  suffering , I mean , that 
alone  would  be such  a change  in the office  of the presidency  and  for most  of the traditional  Irish 
Catholic  families  in England , everything .
[01:24:47.230]
But we're  all I know  that  guy. I know  that  can . And  and  I know  he's  he's  he's  a good  guy. I just  I just 
know  that . And  I can't  tell you how  deep . Once  yearning  for justice  and  human  decency  in that  office ,
and I do think  they've  been  very  effective  at putting  that  across , I do think  that . Some  kind  of in the
presidency  is a weird  thing , it's not a prime  minister  and  there  is a role  in which  the president  does , as
it were , bind , bind  the nation  in a series , in a matter  of grief .
[01:25:20.830]
And what  we have  been  going  through  requires  some  kind  of ability  to understand  that .
[01:25:28.240]
I think , for example , the way  Trump  dismissed  drug  abuse  in the Hunter , Biden  talking  to a Coke 
addict  and  crackhead , a crackhead  or whatever , he called  him , such  a fucking  despicable  human being  that  I mean , I just  that  detail  alone , the idea  that  in a presidential  debate , one  of the candidates 
would  attack  the other  one  as the father  of a crackhead .
[01:25:52.870]
I mean , that's  where  we are.
[01:25:55.120]
But when  you are also  dealing  in the context  of this  awful  epidemic , which  has  been  socially  and 
personally  isolating , has  been  incredibly  I mean , we've  known  and  lost  people . We've  lost  people . We
couldn't  visit , we couldn't  see, we couldn't  help . I mean , I lost  my dad  and  couldn't  even  go to a burial ,
you know , and  it's there  is an open  wound  in this  country  that  Trump  does  nothing  but pour  salt  into .
And and  we also  have  a crisis  of addiction , which  this  epidemic  has  made  even  worse , that  we're 
seeing  the numbers  of opioid  addiction  go up again  and  fentanyl  is spreading  again .
[01:26:34.780]
We really  do have  a spiritual  crisis .
[01:26:38.330]
I don't  I'm going  to trigger  you, but I know  I've read  every  one  claim  that  words  for my own  purposes .
OK, let's  let's  say translate  appropriately  on my say, OK, we're  all dealing  with  existential  questions  of
life and  death .
[01:26:52.000]
And if and  it does  matter  that  someone  is at the top that  feels  like he's  not seeing  you entirely , is
instrumental  to his political  fortunes , that  might  actually  take  a moment  to be with  you and  to
acknowledge  we have  never , for example , in this  country , we've  never  really  acknowledged  the deaths 
that we have . We could  have  half  a million  by the spring . And , you know , other  countries  have  had 
moments  where  they've  stopped  to universally  celebrate  health  care  workers  or those  people .
[01:27:18.550]
There  have  been  moments  in which  people  have  stopped  for a moment  of silence  in memory  of those
we've  lost .
[01:27:24.640]
I mean , this  is this  is the other  context  that  we're  in right  now  of this  extraordinary  dislocation  in which
we're  all living  in this  uncanny  valley  of our previous  lives , in which  nothing , everything  seems  similar ,
but just  awfully  off key.
[01:27:41.050]
And and  and  the other  thing  we learn  about  these  experiences , this  human  experience , I wrote  an
essay  earlier  this  year  about  plagues  in history . Is that  what  they  do to societies  is they  spend  you in
midair  for a minute . And  they  are moments  in which  you can  actually  socially  really  reorganize  and 
restructure  in ways  that  otherwise  might  not happen .
[01:28:05.430]
And I do think  that  we're  going  to see and  I and  as someone  who  was , you know , a supporter  of
Thatcher , Reagan  and  a lot of neoliberal  economics  for a while , I do think  that  it's a and  it's quite 
plausible  argument . If you shift  from  race  and  identity  to class  as a Democrat , you you actually  have  a
unique  opportunity  to build  a consensus  around  more  support  for working  people , more  support  for
people  with  addiction , more  compassion  in it, in that  context , without  dividing  us by race  and  massive 
inequality  that  absolutely  needs  to be addressed  structurally  with  some  redistribution .
[01:28:42.660]
So there's  a there's  a moment  here , an opportunity  that , again , you don't  see this  old dudes 
necessarily  harnessing . But I think  he might  be, in a paradoxical  way , a man  for the moment ,
inasmuch  as that , yes, he could  preside  over  this  without  making  people  afraid  of a sort  of leftist 
takeover  because  old Uncle  Joe's  in there  also  could  be quite  structurally  important  in terms  of theeconomy . But also , I think  we want  a defense  of the West .
[01:29:14.100]
We want  someone  to stand  up and  defend  our way  of life against  the emerging  powers  of East  Asia 
and Russia  in ways  that  our current  president  has  absolutely  undermined  from  the get go. And  I do
think  that's  a great  opportunity  for this  dude . And  I think  he should . By the way , I think  he should 
appoint  Obama's  secretary  of state  and  send  him  around  the world .
[01:29:37.740]
Again , I don't  know , an apology  to another  apology  for a second , but this  time  with  real  feeling . Oh, but
but so I'm I I also  think , by the way , we're  also  going  to have  this  like this  unbelievably , riotously 
debauched  20s  when  we get past  when  we got past  this , people  are going  against  the roaring  20s .
[01:30:02.490]
We're  going  to be a hundred  years  later .
[01:30:04.170]
We're  going  to be drinking  everything , like we'd  be doing  everything  with  a lot of drug  and  so on. And 
anyway , Biden  is a transitional  figure , but but primarily  a sort  of binding  up the wounds  kind  of guy.
Now , may  be being  naive  here . I'm not saying  that  these  forces  of polarization , of tribalism  can 
disappear , that  they're  going  to they're  going  to be in here  if we get through  this  period  peacefully . And
if the decision  to vote  Biden  into  is is a big one .
[01:30:34.920]
So it can't  really  be psychologically  reversed . If it's a kind  of LBJ  Goldwater  thing , then  you can , I think ,
fix the thing . Hmm . What  I fear  most  is a narrow  win that  is brutally  contested , that  leads  to
unbelievable  dissension  and  violence  in the interregnum .
[01:30:56.580]
I mean , those  are the nightmare  scenarios  that  are in front  of me. I'm just  praying  that  don't  happen . I
think  there's  a chance  with  a landslide  that  we can  get past  them . But, of course , you know , we don't 
know . We live in history . I think  we've  discovered  that  it isn't  over .
[01:31:10.950]
Yeah , well , fingers  crossed , Andrew . I think  it's a great  place  to leave  it. I just  want  to before  we sign 
off, I just  want  to say something  to your  audience . I mean , we're  on both  of our podcast  now , but
talking  to the audience , Amy , you and  I have  just  spoken  about  all the ways  in which  bad  incentives 
and pressure  have  corrupted  the media  and  how  difficult  that  has  become  to have  a sane  and 
intellectually  honest  conversation  about  difficult  topics .
[01:31:42.780]
And I really  hold  you to be one  among  a handful  of people  who  can  be relied  upon  to take  intellectual 
and reputational  risks  to advance  that  honest  conversation . And  and  it's getting  harder  to do that . And
the business  model  of journalism  has  been  inimical  to, you know , ordinary  people  doing  that . And  it's
been  taking , you know , extraordinary  people  are extraordinarily  lucky  people  to do it. And , you know ,
you and  I don't  agree  about  everything . You  and  I certainly  started  out debating  things  and  debating 
one.
[01:32:14.970]
If it's been  a few  years  since  I looked  back  at our first  debate  about  religious  belief . But, you know , it
was surprisingly  hard-hitting  if memory  serves  and  the fact  that  we have  arrived  in a place  where 
we're  friends  and  we're  this  copasetic , it just  speaks  to something  about  you that  I have  not
discovered  in, you know , everyone  I've disagreed  with  in quite  the same  way . And  so, you know , I just 
urge  your  audience  to support  your  current  endeavor , because  the only  thing  that  will allow  you to be
the voice  we need  on all the topics  you will touch  is a secure  business  model .
[01:32:53.070]And so, I mean , they  should  support  your  podcast . They  should  support  your  your  newsletter , as I am.
And I'm loving  your  newsletter , by the way . So I know  it's uncomfortable  to ask an audience  for
support  and . But it's not uncomfortable  at all for me to ask your  audience  to support  you, and  so I just 
really  urge  people  to thank  you that  so much .
[01:33:12.710]
I mean , one  thing  we do every  week  is that  I'll write  my piece , but we really  will publish  the strongest 
dissents  and  arguments  against  it and  force  me to engage  them  in a reasonable  way . And  no one  else
is doing  that . It's not a comment  section  where  people  yell at you. It is it is an attempt  to put me on
the spot  every  week  to make  sure  that  I'm kept  honest  by my own  readership  and . And  yes, I mean ,
we've  we've  proven  that  that  this  can't  happen  anymore  in so many  media  institutions  that  have  been 
that have  been  captured  and  so supporting  us really , really  matters .
[01:33:51.290]
And I'm really  grateful . You've  been  an absolute  role  model  in pursuing  this  kind  of intellectual  inquiry ,
and you've  helped  me calm  down  and  think  seriously  and  be a better  writer  and  thinker . And  my
readers  do the same  thing . And  if you want  to encourage  that  kind  of discourse , please  support  us. A
paywall  goes  up this  week , and  and  so a lot of you will will will be in that  position  of choosing  whether
to actually  back  us with  your  dollars  or not.
[01:34:24.500]
It doesn't  matter . You  know , you're  welcome . Whatever .
[01:34:27.440]
But please  help  us. Please , please  support  the weekly  dish . It's out there  on Substory . And  I'm so
grateful  for you to support  that . And  I'm also  thrilled  that  our this  conversation  is the first  of a series 
of conversations  I'm having  with  some , I hope , some  really  interesting  people  in which  we will be
having  the same  kind  of conversation , which  is not which  is an attempt  to get to the truth . That's  all. I
just want  to figure  out what's  true .
[01:34:53.390]
And if you if that's  your  goal  and  then  please  be with  us and  help  me do it nice .
[01:34:59.270]
Well , I certainly  hope  that  politics  becomes  so boring  that  our next  conversation  has  nothing  to do
with  it, that  we won't  even  be tempted  to talk  about  politics . That's  the world  I want  to live in. Andrew 
and Damon , that  is what  that  is.
[01:35:12.080]
The ultimate  achievement  of a liberal  society  is to is to have  moments  where  we can  leave  politics 
entirely  behind  now  as well , to be continued , brother .
[01:35:20.760]
Absolutely . Thanks  so much  and  God  bless .
[01:35:22.910]
I mean , I didn't  mean  that . It just  came  out with  her, with .[00:00:20.830]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK, well , it is the day before  the
presidential  election  and  I don't  know  why  it has  taken  me this  long  to understand  this . But you be the
judge  as to whether  this  should  have  been  at all hard  to understand . As all of you know , I've been 
struggling  for years  to understand  how  it is possible  that  nearly  half  of American  society  admires  or at
least  supports  Donald  Trump . I've spoken  with  Trump  voters  in search  of illumination , but illumination
never  came .
[00:01:03.560]
For instance , I had  Scott  Adams  on my podcast  to explain  this  to me, and  he described  Trump  as a
master  persuader , perhaps  the best  he's  ever  seen . But the problem  for me is that  I find  Trump  to be
among  the least  persuasive  people  I have  ever  come  across , whenever  I see him  speak , I see an
obvious  con  man  and  ignoramus . In fact , Trump  seems  to be so unaware  of how  people  like me judge
a person's  credibility  that  his efforts  to appear  credible , such  as they  are, always  make  him  look 
ridiculous  and  even  deranged .
[00:01:44.660]
So the claim  that  he's  a brilliant  persuader  makes  about  as much  sense  to me as the claim  that  he's  a
model  of physical  fitness  would  write . In my world , the claim  can  be disproven  at a glance . And  yet
one thing  is undeniable , right ? Half  the country  views  him  very  differently . Now , until  a few  minutes 
ago, I had  more  or less  reconciled  myself  to never  understanding  this , but I believe  at this  late  hour , on
the very  eve of the twenty  twenty  election , I have  discovered  a significant  part  of Trump's  appeal .
[00:02:24.230]
In particular , I think  I finally  understand  how  he is supported  because  of his flaws  rather  than  in spite 
of them , that  really  is the key. How  are all the things  I find  despicable  in him , not merely  things  that 
people  are willing  to overlook , but reasons  in and  of themselves  why  people  support  him ? That's  what 
I didn't  understand  until  this  moment . Now , I have  repeatedly  described  the man's  flaws  on this 
podcast  to my eye, he lacks  nearly  every  virtue  for which  we have  a word  wisdom , curiosity ,
compassion , generosity , discipline , courage , whatever  your  list, he's  got none  of these  things , but his
supporters  know  that .
[00:03:17.640]
And he's  a paragon  of greed  and  narcissism  and  pettiness  and  malice , real  malice . I mean , this  is a
man  who  wears  his hatred's  on his sleeve  and  he will suddenly  revile  people  who  he claimed  to
admire  only  yesterday . So while  he demands  loyalty  from  everyone  around  him , really  above  all else ,
he is an amazingly  disloyal  person . All of this  is right  on the surface . So his appeal  has  been  a total 
mystery  to me. But I believe  I have  now  solved  that  mystery  again .
[00:03:57.210]
I don't  know  why  it took  me so long , because  many  of these  thoughts  have  been  in my head  since  the
beginning . And  I've certainly  heard  people  describe  some  parts  of this  picture . But the whole  image 
just fell into  place  for me, it's like one  of those  magic  eye illustrations  where  you're  staring  at a
random  Dot Stereogum  forever . And  then  finally  the embedded  3D image  just  pops  out in this  picture 
of Trump's  appeal  is really  best  understood  in comparison  with  the messaging  of his opponents  on
the left.
[00:04:32.370]
That's  how  you can  see it in stereo . That's  how  the image  finally  pops  out. So taking  the Trump  half  of
this picture , one  thing  that  Trump  never  communicates  and  cannot  possibly  communicate  is a sense 
of his moral  superiority . The  man  is totally  without  sanctimony , even  when  his every  utterance  is
purposed  towards  self  aggrandizement , even  when  he appears  to be denigrating  his supporters , even 
when  he's  calling  himself  a genius , he is never  actually  communicating  that  he is better  than  you.
[00:05:10.470]
More  enlightened , more  decent , because  he's  not and  everyone  knows  it. The  man  is just  a bundle  of
sin and  Gore  and  he never  pretends  to be anything  more . Perhaps  more  importantly , he never  even aspires  to be anything  more . And  because  of this , because  he has  never  really  judging  you, he can't 
possibly  judge  you, he offers  a truly  safe  space  for human  frailty  and  hypocrisy  and  self-doubt . He
offers  what  no priest  can  credibly  offer , a total  expiation  of shame .
[00:05:51.200]
His personal  shamelessness  is a kind  of spiritual  balm . Trump  is fat Jesus . He's  grabbed  them  by the
pussy  Jesus , he's  all eaten  nothing  but cheeseburgers , if I want  to. Jesus , he's  I want  to punch  them  in
the face . Jesus , he's  go back  to your  shithole  countries . Jesus . He's  no apologies , Jesus . And  now 
consider  the other  half  of this  image , what  are we getting  from  the left? We're  getting  exactly  the
opposite  message .
[00:06:27.580]
Pure  sanctimony , pure  judgment . You  are not good  enough . You're  guilty  not only  for your  own  sins ,
but for the sins  of your  fathers , the crimes  of slavery  and  colonialism  are on your  head . And  if you're  a
cis, white , heterosexual  male , which  we know  is the absolute  core  of Trump's  support , you're  a racist ,
homophobic , trans  phobic , Islamophobic , sexist , barbarian . Tear  down  those  statues  and  bend  the
fucking  knee . It's the juxtaposition  of those  two  messages  that  is so powerful  now , I'm sure  many  of
you have  understood  this  before  me, but for whatever  reason , this  image  just  became  crystal  clear .
[00:07:21.580]
Needless  to say, everything  I said  about  Trump  previously  still stands  for me. I consider  him  to be
terrifyingly  unfit  for office , and  I consider  most  of his personal  flaws  to be public  dangers . I think 
because  of who  he is as a person , he has  harmed  our politics  and  diminished  our standing  in the
world  to a degree  that  might  take  decades  to repair . So I sincerely  hope  we rid ourselves  of him 
tomorrow . But I believe  I now  understand  the half  of the country  that  disagrees  with  me a little  better 
than  I did yesterday .
[00:07:58.750]
And it makes  me less  confused  and  judgmental . Less  of an asshole , probably , which  is always 
progress .[00:00:20.980]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK, well , it has  been  two  weeks  since  the
election . And  those  of you who  don't  spend  a lot of time  on social  media  may  not be seeing  how  crazy
it is out there . All I can  say is we appear  to be living  through  a very  dangerous  moment . And  Trump 
and his enablers  in their  desperation  to hold  on to power  are making  our situation  much  more 
dangerous . I want  to elaborate  on something  I tweeted  after  it became  obvious  that  Biden  had  won 
the election .
[00:01:01.410]
This  was  around  November  6th, I think . I wrote , there's  a needle  that  we really  must  thread 
successfully . Contempt  for Trump  and  his enablers  in government  is a patriotic  necessity , contempt 
for 70 million  Trump  voters  is a serious  error . Life  is complicated . So I want  to spell  this  out a little 
more , because  very  few  people  are threading  the needle  successfully  or even  attempting  to thread  it,
and some  people  have  confused  what  I was  saying  there  with  people  like AOC  seeming  to call for
vengeance  against  Trump  supporters .
[00:01:41.420]
She went  so far as to encourage  people  to keep  lists  of everyone  who  had  supported  Trump  in any
capacity . I think  it's quite  clear  that  nothing  good  is waiting  for us down  that  path . Over  70 million 
people  voted  for Trump . And  there  are many  reasons  for people  to have  done  this  or to have  found 
that they  just  couldn't  vote  for Biden . And  Trump  is as much  a symptom  as a cause  of the division  in
our society  now . I mean , he is not Stalin .
[00:02:14.240]
He is not Hitler . He is a vindictive  little  con  man  who  got plucked  out of a carnival  somewhere  by Mark
Burnett  and  put on television  for over  a decade . Trump  is the quintessential  American  fake . And  it's
been  astounding  to watch  such  a bizarre  and  insubstantial  person  accomplish  one  crazy  stage  dive 
after  the next , because  there  were  millions  of upraised  hands  waiting  to catch  him  and  to bear  his
weight . So there  are real  social  problems  at the bottom  of all this  that  we have  to address , and  we
won't  address  any of them  by writing  off everyone  who  voted  for Trump  as racist  or otherwise 
irredeemable .
[00:03:02.610]
But there  are many  people  in my circle , friends  and  colleagues  and  podcast  guests . Who  are making 
the opposite  error ? Many  of them  are almost  exclusively  focused  on the problem  of the far left, and 
this is causing  them  to significantly  discount  the harm  that  Trump  has  caused  and  is actively  causing 
to our society . Some  of these  people  are Trump  supporters , but many  aren't . And  they've  been  taking 
the Trump  team's  allegations  that  the election  was  stolen  through  massive  voter  fraud  way  too
seriously .
[00:03:36.520]
And they're  extending  a principle  of charity  to Trump  and  to the rest  of his team  that  is, frankly ,
delusional . Again , there  is a needle  to thread  here , and  many  people  don't  appear  to even  see it,
insofar  as I've noticed  what  others  in the so-called  intellectual  dark  web  have  been  saying . Is generally
not something  I want  to be associated  with . I don't  want  to single  anyone  out in particular , but allow 
me to take  this  moment  to turn  in my imaginary  membership  card  to this  imaginary  organization .
[00:04:08.830]
I mean , the idea  was  always  tongue  in cheek , from  my point  of view . It was  a funny  name  for a group 
of people  who  are willing  to discuss  difficult  topics  in public , mostly  on podcast . But it never  made 
sense  for us to be grouped  together  as though  we shared  a common  worldview . I never  saw  much 
downside  to it, and  I didn't  much  think  about  it. But in the aftermath  of this  election . With  some 
members  of this  fictional  group  sounding  fairly  bonkers , I just  want  to make  it clear  that  I'm not part 
of any group , right ?
[00:04:40.360]
So if you want  to criticize  my ideas , that's  great . But I only  represent  myself  here  and  no one  else speaks  for me. We have  a crisis  of legitimacy  now  on all fronts . People  have  lost  their  trust  in our
institutions  and  this  is understandable  given  all that's  happened  over  the last  four  years . Trust  in
media  has  almost  collapsed . But that  doesn't  mean  there  still isn't  a difference  between  the New  York
Times  and  Breitbart  or between  journalists  who  are doing  their  best  to report  facts  even  while  they 
harbor  their  own  political  biases  and  political  operatives  or conspiracy  theorists  who  are obviously 
spreading  lies.
[00:05:20.970]
So as bad  as things  are in mainstream  media  and  don't  get me wrong , they're  quite  bad . You  simply 
can't  place  equal  blame  on both  sides  politically  at this  moment . And  we have  a sitting  president  who 
is essentially  a kuhnen  conspiracist . So if you find  yourself  saying  things  like all politicians  lie or Biden
is just  as corrupt  as Trump , you have  become  part  of the problem  of misinformation  in our society .
Biden  would  have  to be a supporter  of antifa  and  lying  about  literally  everything  to be comparable  to
Trump .
[00:05:56.970]
Biden's  next  tweet  would  have  to say something  like, we have  evidence  that  the CIA invented  the
coronavirus  to kill black  people , he would  have  to be that  maniacal  and  the whole  Democratic  Party 
along  with  him , for there  to be an equivalence  between  Trump  and  Biden  or between  Republicans  and 
Democrats  at this  moment . Yes , there  is influence  peddling  and  bad  incentives  and  opportunism  and 
cowardice  and  the whole  carnival  of human  error  on both  sides  of our politics . But the Republican 
Party  has  become  a personality  cult  devoted  to a fake  strongman  who  really  is doing  his best  to
undermine  our democracy .
[00:06:39.630]
So a special  focus  on Trump  and  his enablers  is totally  warranted  right  now . And  again , there  is a
needle  to thread  here . There  is a difference  between  Trump  and  his inner  circle  and  his most  abject 
supporters  in Congress . There's  a difference  between  these  people  who  are attempting  to hold  on to
power  illegitimately  by vomiting  lies on everything  in sight  and  the millions  of people  who  voted  for
Trump  who  are to one  or another  degree  taken  in by these  lies. Now , at the time  I'm recording  this , it
seems  safe  to claim  the following , there  appears  to be no credible  evidence  of significant  voter  fraud 
in the 20 20 election .
[00:07:22.410]
And whatever  the Trump  campaign  is bringing  forward  is being  looked  at by the courts  and  so far is
being  thrown  out by the courts . Ironically , because  we have  such  an uncoordinated  election  system , it
appears  to be very  difficult  to manufacture  fraud  at scale . And  what  has  been  alleged  here  is massive 
fraud  across  many  states , several  of which  have  Republicans  in key positions  of power . And 
strangely , the Democrats  are alleged  to have  rigged  the election  for president , but they  didn't  think  to
also  win the Senate  and  to get rid of Mitch  McConnell  and  they  lost  seats  in the House .
[00:07:55.740]
So this  election  fraud  was  really  a work  of subtle  genius . And  needless  to say, all the Republicans  in
Congress  have  celebrated  their  victories  in the House  and  the Senate , and  these  votes  were  cast  on
the same  ballot  they're  disputing  in the presidential  race . This  is the very  essence  of incoherence  and 
hypocrisy , just  as it was  when  Trump's  campaign  began  demanding  that  we stop  counting  ballots  in
states  where  he was  ahead , while  simultaneously  demanding  that  we keep  counting  them  in states 
where  he was  behind .
[00:08:25.380]
There's  now  such  a degradation  of our politics  that  people  don't  even  feel  the need  to lie coherently .
It's just  a continuous  carpet  bombing  of our information  landscape  with  bullshit . So at this  moment , it
certainly  appears  that  Biden  won  the 20 20 election  far more  decisively  than  Trump  won  in 2016  and 
Trump  claimed  massive  voter  fraud  in that  election  to write  the election  he won  to become  president .
He even  claimed  that  Ted  Cruz  was  guilty  of voter  fraud  in the Iowa  caucus .
[00:08:57.820]This  is what  he does  and  it's part  of the authoritarian  playbook . Trump  is a con  man  who  has  no
respect  for anything  beyond  himself , and  he certainly  has  no concern  for the health  of our democracy .
These  are facts  about  his mind  that  he confirms  for us on a daily  basis . Now , obviously , any credible 
accusation  of voter  fraud  should  be looked  at by the courts , but it's very  important  to point  out that  no
one has  been  denying  this  basic  principle  of election  fairness .
[00:09:33.360]
But this  was  not like Bush  versus  Gore  in 2000 , which  came  down  to five hundred  votes  in a single 
state . Here  we are talking  about  tens  of thousands  of votes  in several  states . A bigger  margin  than 
Trump  won  by in twenty  sixteen , to which  Hillary  Clinton  quickly  conceded . Right , even  though  she
won  the popular  vote  and  President  Obama  immediately  began  cooperating  with  the transition  team .
While  Trump  is still refusing  to cooperate  with  Biden's  two  weeks  into  this  process , and  more 
importantly , so are the leaders  in the Republican  Party .
[00:10:06.090]
That's  how  perverse  this  has  gotten  right  now . Biden  should  be getting  a daily  security  briefing  and  his
team  should  be speaking  with  foreign  leaders  on secure  lines  facilitated  by the State  Department .
They  should  be able  to speak  with  officials  in every  branch  of our own  government  so they  can  get up
to speed . Normally , all of us would  be going  on while  the election  gets  certified  in the coming  weeks .
And normally  the transition  team  would  be given  funds  and  access  to government  buildings  at this 
point .
[00:10:35.610]
And yet all of these  resources  are being  denied  to them . The  real  problem  is that  all of this 
controversy  is being  manufactured  by bad  faith  actors . I mean , you can  be confident  that  no one  on
Trump's  team  thinks  he lost  due  to election  fraud  rather  than  attempting  to delegitimize  our
democracy  by pretending  to think  there  was  massive  election  fraud . It's like a soccer  player  who  takes
a dive  and  begins  writhing  around  on the ground . Right , hoping  to deceive  the ref and  to win a penalty 
kick and  possibly  win the game  that  way , no matter  how  good  he makes  it look , the soccer  player 
knows  he wasn't  fouled .
[00:11:20.850]
This  is cheating . Trump  and  his enablers  are hoping  to hold  on to the presidency  by pretending  they 
were  fouled  and  they're  looking  for a referee , whether  a court  or state  legislature , who  just  might 
award  them  a winning  penalty  kick . Short  of that , they're  trying  to motivate  the base  in Georgia  so they
can hold  on to the two  Senate  seats  will be decided  in a runoff  election  in January . And  beyond  that ,
Trump  and  his family  are clearly  trying  to monetize  their  cult  so they  can  do who  knows  what  to
further  debase  American  society  after  Trump  leaves  office .
[00:11:56.960]
Again , let me be clear . I believe  that  everything  I'm saying  about  Trump's  attempt  to undermine  our
democracy  is as objective  and  uncontroversial  and  non-partisan  as saying  something  like Trump 
doesn't  want  to release  his tax returns . I mean , how  can  I say that  Trump  doesn't  want  to release  his
tax returns ? What  am I, a mind  reader ? He's  even  said  on a few  occasions  that  he wants  to release  his
tax returns  is just  that  they're  under  audit , you see.
[00:12:25.210]
Why  not take  the man  at his word ? Well , if you are that  confused  about  who  this  man  is, then  there 
really  is nothing  I or anyone  else  can  say to persuade  you on these  points . So let me just  bracket  what
will otherwise  be totally  unacceptable  to you by saying  that  my admins  on these  points  is coming 
from  a very  clear  sense  that  what  I'm saying  is not just  my opinion  about  Donald  Trump . I believe  I'm
making  factual  statements  about  what  he has  done  and  why  he has  done  it.
[00:13:00.010]
The man  really  doesn't  want  to release  his tax returns  for whatever  reason . I don't  have  to be a
clairvoyant  to know  that . It's the only  rational  interpretation  of his actions . And  he really  did try to steal
the presidency  two  weeks  ago , and  he appears  to still be trying , however  hopeless  that  might  be. Imean , think  about  this  chain  of events . We have  a president  who  for months  railed  about  how 
unreliable  our election  system  was  and  about  how  mail  in ballots  in particular  were  guaranteed  to
produce  massive  fraud .
[00:13:37.630]
And he made  these  claims  entirely  without  evidence  while  being  someone  who  votes  by mail  himself 
in Florida . And  he said  over  and  over  again  that  we need  a result  on election  night , knowing  that  the
vote  count  always  continues  over  subsequent  days  and  that  in this  election , the later  votes  would 
disproportionately  be weighted  toward  Biden . Literally  for months , Trump  stigmatized  mail  in ballots .
In a calculated  effort  to get his supporters  to vote  in person , knowing  that  in-person  returns  are
generally  counted  first  on election  night , in fact , Republican  lawmakers  seem  to have  collaborated  in
this scheme  by not allowing  mail  in ballots  to be counted  early  in several  key states .
[00:14:23.230]
And in fact , the Republicans  trying  to starve  the post  office  of funding  over  the summer . And  Trump 
admitted  that  this  was  to keep  them  from  being  able  to handle  a surge  in mail , in ballots . And  all of
this occurred  during  the covid  pandemic , during  which  for nearly  nine  months , Trump  downplayed  the
risk of the disease  even  as a quarter  of a million  people  died  from  it. So he knew  the concern  about 
the coronavirus  was  also  heavily  biased  along  political  lines  because  he had  worked  hard  to biocide 
himself .
[00:14:52.630]
And this  caused  in-person  voting  to be even  more  heavily  weighted  toward  his supporters . I mean , it
sounds  totally  fantastical , but all of this  happened  in plain  sight , Trump  trying  to engineer  an episode 
of reality  television  that  could  have  ushered  in the end  of our democracy . He was  obviously  hoping  to
step  before  the cameras  in the wee  hours  of Wednesday  morning  with  a significant  lead  in the polls 
and to then  demand  that  the vote  counting  stop . He was  stage  managing  an attempted  theft  of the
election , all the while  encouraging  his supporters  to believe  that  the election  was  being  stolen  from 
him as the counting  of ballots  continued .
[00:15:34.150]
And he did this  all in a context  in which  he, as the sitting  president  of the United  States , refused  to
commit  to a peaceful  transfer  of power  in the event  that  he lost . So it's really  hard  to exaggerate  how 
far from  normal  we had  drifted  when  Trump  stepped  in front  of the microphone  on election  night . We
had a president  of the United  States  declaring  that  he had  won  re-election  by a large  margin  when 
there  were  millions  of votes  still being  counted  and  every  reason  to believe  that  most  of those  votes 
would  be for his opponent  in the most  prominent  members  of the Republican  Party , supported  him  in
this.
[00:16:14.210]
That  is what  has  become  of our politics . So in my view , this  was  a terrifying  lurch  toward 
authoritarianism , even  if in many  ways  Trump  is a fake  authoritarian  and  it could  have  worked . We
could  have  lost  our democracy  two  weeks  ago . But the problem  is nearly  half  of our society  doesn't 
know  that , in fact , nearly  half  of our society  is being  told  right  now  that  we have  lost  our democracy 
because  the election  of Joe  Biden  was  a fraud .
[00:16:49.080]
This  is a dangerous  loss  of social  cohesion , and  it has  been  engineered  by Trump  and  the Republican 
Party . I mean , imagine  you're  on a plane  at 30000  feet  and  the pilot  comes  over  the P.A.  system  and 
says , I'm sorry , ladies  and  gentlemen , but we've  heard  credible  reports  that  there's  a bomb 
somewhere  on the aircraft . Some  people  are saying  it's in the luggage . Some  people  are saying  it
might  have  been  smuggled  on board  by food  service  and  it might  have  been  placed  in an overhead 
compartment  by one  of your  fellow  passengers .
[00:17:20.250]
But just  sit tight . We're  going  to get to the bottom  of this . Imagine  the panic  that  would  cause  and 
now  imagine  what  you would  think  of the pilot  if you knew  that  he was  lying . Imagine  the mind  of apilot  who  has  assumed  so much  control  over  the lives  of his passengers , who  would  tell a lie like that .
What  sort  of person  would  do that ? That's  the president  right  now . The  situation  is almost  certainly 
worse , in fact , in the Trump  campaign  is aggressively  fundraising  on the back  of their  fake  allegations 
of election  fraud , the fund  raising  is ostensibly  for all their  legal  actions , but most  of the money  will be
used  for other  purposes  to pay down  their  campaign  debt  and  to form  a Trump  political  action 
committee .
[00:18:14.020]
Trump's  even  threatening  to run for president  again  in 2020  for. So the president  is like a pilot  who's 
just announced  that  there's  a bomb  on the airplane , but if you just  get out your  credit  card  and  donate 
generously  to the Trump  bomb  squad  fund , he might  be able  to land  the plane  safely . But it's a fake 
crisis  and  he's  just  stealing  money  from  millions  of frightened  and  angry  people  and  creating  more 
division  in our society  in the process  and  actually  increasing  the likelihood  that  the plane  we're  all on
at this  moment  will crash .
[00:18:47.290]
And this  is why  it is appropriate  to be outraged  over  this  behavior . Trump  and  the people  closest  to
him know  exactly  what  they're  attempting  to do to our democracy . They  understand  that  amplified 
conspiracy  theories  increases  the risk of serious  violence  and  social  disorder , and  they  absolutely 
know  that  they're  putting  our country  at needless  risk by not giving  the Biden  team  the resources  they 
need  for a smooth  transition . And  this  is not at all analogous  to what's  happening  on the left. Yes , it
also  sows  division  in our society  to call half  the country  racist .
[00:19:29.230]
But the people  who  are doing  that  really  are confused , right ? They  think  half  the country  is racist . And 
I'm sure  the confusion  extends  all the way  up to the top. Right . Someone  like AOC  thinks  half  the
country  is racist , but Trump  and  his team  know  that  they  lost  the election . They  know  why  they're 
doing  what  they're  doing . They  know  they  are trying  to eke out some  personal  advantage  at massive 
social  cost . That's  what's  so reprehensible . Obviously , I don't  know  what's  going  to happen  next , I am
reasonably  confident  that  the tide  has  turned  here .
[00:20:08.140]
And that  our institutions  are strong  enough , and  when  push  comes  to shove , the military  and  law
enforcement  are professional  and  apolitical  enough  that  Trump  can  be dragged  kicking  and 
screaming  out of the White  House  in January  if need  be. But honestly , I think  this  pressure  test  of our
institutions  nearly  failed . And  that's  scary . A few  days  after  the election  on November  6th, the
journalist  Jim  Sciutto  tweeted , a new  restricted  national  defense  airspace  has  been  put in place  over 
presidential  candidate  Joe  Biden's  home  in Wilmington , Delaware .
[00:20:49.790]
And then  Samantha  Power , who  was  our U.N.  ambassador  under  President  Obama . She  also  happens
to be married  to Cass  Sunstein , who  is a constitutional  law scholar  who's  been  on this  podcast .
Samantha  forwarded  this  tweet  with  the comment , It's real . Our institutions  will hold . Now , I
practically  burst  into  tears  when  I read  that  tweet  and  here's  why . The  fact  that  that  was  ever  in doubt 
that our institutions  would  hold . The  fact  that  there  was  even  a question  as to how  the military  would 
respond  if we had  a madman  in the White  House  refusing  to admit  that  he had  lost  an election  and 
demanding  that  we stop  counting  votes  in states  where  he was  ahead  and  continue  counting  them  in
states  where  he was  behind , the fact  that  I can  even  understand  Samantha's  tweet , it's real .
[00:21:43.840]
Our institutions  will hold . The  fact  that  I can  pass  the fucking  sentence  is evidence  of a crime . That 
has been  committed  against  all of us and  everyone  who's  been  accusing  Trump's  critics  of having 
Trump  derangement  syndrome  has  been  party  to this  crime . You  really  have  played  a game  of
chicken  with  our democracy . And  in my view , you actually  do have  a lot to apologize  for, this  is not
partisanship . This  has  never  been  a difference  of opinion . We can  have  those .
[00:22:21.670]But you have  protected  a man  who  was  manifestly  unfit  to be president . And  that  has  been  obvious 
since  day one  and  long  before  day one . Yes , as I said , there  is corruption  and  confusion  and  bad 
incentives  and  ordinary  human  frailty  on both  sides  of our politics , and  yes, we have  a crisis  of
legitimacy  in our society  that  is bigger  than  Trump . But Trump  is the most  malicious  exploiter  of it,
and you cannot  let your  gaze  wander  from  the core  truth  of this  moment .
[00:22:58.490]
We have  a sitting  U.S.  president  who  is trying  to hold  on to power  by shattering  every  Democratic 
norm  we have , and  failing  that , he is trying  to sabotage  the presidency  of his successor  for his own 
personal  gain , and  he has  refused  to commit  to a peaceful  transfer  of power . This  is probably  the
lowest  point  in our democracy  since  the Civil  War . And  of course , there  is a silver  lining  to this , if the
worst  doesn't  happen , if Trump's  attempt  to delegitimize  the election  fails  and  it now  seems  virtually 
certain  that  it will.
[00:23:37.960]
And if we don't  see some  crazy  degree  of violence  or political  assassinations  sparked  by his
conspiracy  theories , we have  discovered  that  much  of what  keeps  our democracy  intact  is not a
matter  of our laws , but of our political  norms . So many  safeguards  against  corruption  and  abuses  of
power  and  a creep  toward  authoritarianism  depend  on the decency  of the people  in power . And  what 
Trump  has  taught  us beyond  any possibility  of doubt  is that  we can't  rely on human  decency . We need
a system  that  can  handle  a psychopath  in the White  House .
[00:24:15.610]
However , it seems  clear  that  most  Trump  voters  really  don't  understand  what's  happening , and  I know
that sounds  patronizing , but it's not meant  to be. I mean , there  are reports  of people  in ICUs  right  now 
dying  from  covid  who  still think  covid  is a hoax . That's  how  crazy  our information  landscape  has 
become . And  Trump  has  worked  tirelessly  to make  it that  crazy . Remember , Trump  launched  his
political  career  with  the birther  conspiracy , and  when  he came  to office  in 2016 , about  a third  of
Americans  believed  the birther  conspiracy  and  72 percent  of Republicans  believed  it.
[00:24:58.030]
Let that  sink  in. During  the 2016  campaign , 72 percent  of registered  Republicans  believe  that  Barack 
Obama  was  born  in Kenya  and  therefore  that  his presidency  was  illegal  and  illegitimate . And  things 
have  only  gotten  worse . Trump  is president  of the United  States , he has  tweeted  Kuhnen  articles 
suggesting  that  Obama  and  Biden  had  members  of SEAL  Team  six murdered  to conceal  the fact  that 
they  never  actually  killed  Osama  bin Laden . The  president  of the United  States  tweeted  that . Now , if
you don't  think  that's  a catastrophe  for our country  and  for the world  to have  promoted  such  a person 
to the highest  position  of power .
[00:25:45.430]
I'm afraid  that's  on you caring  about  this  sort  of thing  isn't  Trump  derangement  syndrome . If you don't
care  about  a U.S.  president  who  lives  as freely  as he breathes , who  makes  a laughing  stock  out of our
country  with  nearly  every  utterance  that's  on you. These  things  actually  matter  whether  they  matter  to
you or not. So who  do we hold  accountable  for what  has  happened  here  and  for what  has  almost 
happened  and  for what  may  yet happen ? I do think  we need  to give  something  like 70 million  people  a
mulligan  here  and  then  make  a serious  effort  to solve  the social  problems  that  caused  so many  of
them  to support  Trump .
[00:26:32.860]
No doubt  this  is a conversation  that  will absorb  many  future  episodes  of this  podcast . But we run a
serious  risk of moral  hazard  if there  are no consequences  for the people  who  decided  to torch  our
democracy  on the chance  that  they  might  personally  gain  from  it. Imagine  that  a man  attempts  to rob
a bank , but it doesn't  work  out. Let's  say that  after  he's  pulled  out his gun  and  started  screaming  for
everyone  to get down  on the floor  and  perhaps  after  he's  pistol  whipped  the guard , something  goes 
wrong  and  it becomes  clear  that  he won't  be able  to rob the bank .
[00:27:10.050]After  all, what's  the point  of no return  reputational ? What's  the last  moment  where  you get to say,
sorry , this  isn't  really  a bank  robbery ? I'm not actually  a bank  robber . Everyone  can  get up off the floor 
now . We're  just  going  to have  to agree  to disagree  about  what  happened  here . I do think  a line has 
been  crossed  here , again , not necessarily  with  respect  to our laws , but with  respect  to norms  that  are
even  more  important  than  many  of our laws .
[00:27:39.610]
Is it illegal  for a sitting  president  to not commit  to a peaceful  transfer  of power ? Is it illegal  for him  to
pretend  to think  that  there  was  massive  election  fraud  and  to claim  to have  won  an election  that  he
really  lost ? Is it illegal  for him  to spread  socially  toxic  lies every  hour  on social  media ? It doesn't  seem 
so. But that's  not the point . Trump  has  still managed  to do tremendous  harm  to our society  and  he
seems  committed  to doing  further  harm .
[00:28:12.160]
So at a minimum , I believe  the right  way  to treat  Trump  and  his crime  family  after  January  20th  is the
way we treated  O.J.  Simpson  after  he was  acquitted  of a double  murder  that  everyone  knew  he had 
actually  committed , which  just  let them  fall into  oblivion . Of course , I'm under  no illusions  that  will
actually  happen . But it should  happen , we should  all do our best  to withdraw  our attention  from  this 
man  who  has  gotten  more  attention  in the last  four  years  than  any person  in human  history .
[00:28:46.480]
And for those  of you who  still think  that  not acknowledging  how  bad  Trump  is is the only  way  to resist
the craziness  coming  from  the left. All I can  say is that  it seems  quite  clear  that  you're  wrong . And 
Trump  was  never  an answer  to the problem  of the far left. In fact , the left has  drawn  a massive 
amount  of energy  and  seeming  credibility  from  him . It's true  that  the problem  of illiberalism  on the left
has been  growing  for a long  time , but it has  gotten  as bad  as it has  under  Trump , and  Trump  has  been
bringing  gasoline  to that  fire again  because  it has  always  served  his personal  interests  to do so.
[00:29:31.160]
What  we need  is real  moderation  and  pragmatism  and  professionalism  in our politics  now . And  while 
I was  never  very  enthusiastic  about  Biden  and  Harris , there  is a big difference  between  both  of them 
and AOC . And  again , if you want  a real  parallel  for the dangerous  insanity  that's  been  encouraged  by
Trump , you have  to go further  left than  AOC . Trump  is President  Kuhnen  right  now . The  most 
destructive  thing  about  the Trump  presidency  has  been  the orgy  of lying  and  misinformation  that  has 
subsumed  everything  in our public  conversation , the utter  devaluation  of truth  has  been  the worst  part
because  it affects  everything  else .
[00:30:19.290]
Anyway , the next  two  months  should  be very  interesting . I certainly  expect  there  will be a transition  to
a Biden  presidency . But who  knows , really ? It still feels  like something  bad  can  happen  here . But even 
after  a smooth  transition , there  will still be a lot of hard  work  to do to steer  our culture  toward  basic 
sanity  on real  issues , the pandemic , the economic  effects  of lockdown , wealth  inequality , more 
generally , social  cohesion . Collisions  with  foreign  adversaries  like China  and  Russia , cybersecurity ,
climate  change , the list of challenges  is quite  long  and  daunting , and  it seems  clear  that  only  a fact 
based  discussion  will help  us meet  them .
[00:31:16.420]
And with  that , I will leave  you, as always , thanks  for listening .[00:00:06.450]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the podcast . If
you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , there  you'll  find  our
private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only  content . And  as
always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the podcast .
[00:00:34.950]
So if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option . And  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free 
account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions  asked . I am here  with  Adam 
Ghazali , Adam , thanks  for joining  me. My pleasure . Thanks  for having  me. So you are a neuroscientist 
with  many  diverse  interests  and  several  irons  in the fire. Maybe  you can  summarize  what  you're  doing 
now  professionally . Sure .
[00:01:04.110]
So I've had  a sort  of strange  career , fun, fun adventure . I'm trained  as a M.D.  and  a Ph.D. , my Ph.D.  in
neuroscience . I'm a I'm a neurologist  and  I'm a professor  at University  of California , San  Francisco ,
where  I direct  efforts  at a research  center  that  I started  called  Zeroscape .
[00:01:22.950]
And what  we do is look  at these  sort  of interface  between  technologies  and  neuroscience  and  health .
And then  I also  have  started  a couple  of companies  along  the way  and  including  a venture  fund , all in
the same  general  goal  of trying  to help  improve  the function  of our brains  and  frequently  through  the
use of technology . And  you also  wrote  the book  The  Distracted  Mind , which  covers  a lot of ground 
that I think  we're  going  to want  to revisit  here , because  this  is such  a fascinating  moment  where  we're 
seeing  the evidence  all around  us that  our technology  is it's always  a two  edged  sword , but it just 
seems  in the information  space , especially  so at the moment .
[00:02:07.650]
So, I mean , obviously , we would  not want  to give  up our connectivity  and  our access  to the the totality 
of human  knowledge , which  has  been  delivered  by the Internet  and  smartphones  and  the rest  of what 
we've  got here . But it's so clearly  fragmenting  our lives  and  it seems  rewiring  our brains  into  just 
different  expectations  of reward , different  habit  patterns . I mean , we're  all on a somewhere  on a
spectrum  of pathology . And  we know  that  there's  no bright  line between  having  a normal  mind  and  a
normal  brain  and  having  a condition  like obsessive  compulsive  disorder  or narcissism .
[00:02:49.080]
I mean , it's just  these  are we were  talking  about  bell curves  and  gradients , not bright  lines  here , but it
does  feel  like our use of technology , you know , actively  and  passively  is pushing  us in on directions .
So I think  we'll  we'll  get into  this  and  then  talk  about  how  technology  might  also  be a remedy  for all
that ails us here . Let's  start  with  information . I mean , you point  out in your  book  that  we are
information  seeking  creatures .
[00:03:18.210]
How  do you think  about  our relationship  to information ? No. Well , yeah , you know , it's interesting , you
write  a book  and  you try to make  it timely , obviously , and  as you know , books  take  a long  time  until 
they  eventually  come  out. And  you're  always  in danger  of it not being  relevant  anymore  by the time  it
gets  into  people's  hands . And  if anything , I've seen  it become  more  relevant , as you just  referred  to.
[00:03:42.860]
And I think  the covid  pandemic  that  we're  experiencing  now  is showing  a lot of the fragmentation  in
our minds  and  the stressors  caused  by technology . And  it really  comes  down  to information . That's  a
great  starting  point .
[00:03:58.370]
You know , we we take  in information  and  that's  what  allows  us to interact  in this  world . And  we were 
evolutionarily  sort  of well  suited  to do this .[00:04:07.610]
This  is how  we survive . We avoid  threats  and  seek  out nutrients  and  mates . And  this  is how  the brain 
evolved  to allow  us to fluidly , dynamically  interact  with  the world . And  that  advances  our survival . And 
the brains  that  we have  now  are the product  of that .
[00:04:26.510]
And, you know , they're  quite , quite  adept  at dealing  with  complex  information  and  helping  us react 
both  reflexively  as well  as through  decision  making .
[00:04:37.460]
But what  I think  is clear  now , probably  to many  listeners , just  through  their  own  experience  and 
certainly  through  data , that  we don't  have  unlimited  capacity  to process  information .
[00:04:50.450]
And if the system  is overloaded  due  to all sorts  of types  of interference  that  we can  talk  about , there 
will be consequences .
[00:04:59.780]
And those  consequences  are really  broad . And  people  see them , feel  them  in different  ways , and  they 
manifest  in people's  lives  in quite  complex  manners . But that's  sort  of the the crux  of that  story . That 
information  is key to how  we survive  and  thrive .
[00:05:19.950]
But there's  a breaking  point  and  there's  all sorts  of consequences .
[00:05:23.960]
How  you use this  phrase  at various  points  in the book , information , foraging , drawing  an analogy 
between , you know , how  animals  will forage  for food . And  there's  a you know , there  are a few  curve 
based  on data  in terms  of you just  have  the opportunity  cost  and  the the switching  costs  of exploiting 
an area  for food  and  then  deciding  to, you know , based  on instinct  in the case  of an animal  to move  to
a new  area  looking  for food .
[00:05:52.430]
And we exhibit  a similar  pattern  in the way  we self  interrupt  and  attempt  to multitask . You  know ,
you're  you're  on the phone  with  someone  and  then  you decide  to check  your  email  or your 
backchannel  in the middle  of that  call surreptitiously  not realizing  that  you're  essentially  losing  30 IQ
points  for the purposes  of that  conversation . And  every  time  you do that  and  we do this  everywhere , I
mean , there's  this  way  we can  just  talk  about  the limits  of cognition  here  and  the actual  effects  of
multitasking .
[00:06:24.860]
I mean , obviously , multitasking  is possible  in certain  cases  because , you know , people  can  listen  to a
podcast  or listen  to an audio  book  and  also  successfully  drive  a car or or even  do work  that  doesn't 
require  the same  kind  of linguistic  cognition . I mean , you can  you can  draw  you could  practice  graphic
design  or something , probably  without  any degradation  in your  skills . But for so many  other  tasks ,
there  is a zero  sum  contest  between  things  that  we attend  to.
[00:06:55.850]
So how  do you think  about  multitasking  at this  moment ? What  do we know  about  it scientifically ?
Yeah . So, you know , the term  is confusing  and  complicates  what's  already  a very  complex  landscape 
of the brain  and  behavior .
[00:07:10.460]
And the reason  why  is because  if you think  about , you know , multitasking , just  doing  lots  of tasks  at
the same  time , it's something  that  we're  all familiar  with  and  we feel  like we're  really  pretty  good  at it.[00:07:21.000]
And it's also  most  people  feel  sort  of pleasure  in multitasking , that  it's something  fun and  more  fun
than  single  tasking .
[00:07:28.220]
And so we're  constantly  drawn  to it and  it feels  natural . And  you sort  of feel  that  you could  get better 
at it. And  the reason , the terms  complex , because  it's a from  a behavioral  point  of view , sure , we
multitask  all the time .
[00:07:44.210]
But what's  implicit  in it that  creates  the confusion  is that  sometimes  we use that  term  to mean , like
parallel  processing , that  you're  you're , you know , borrowing  from  the computer  terminology  and  signal
processing  literature , that  you're  literally  parallel  processing  these  two  tasks  and  that  they're  getting 
equal  processing  power . And  so you're  truly  multitasking  in that  way .
[00:08:09.710]
And when  you look  at the brain , we've  done  these  studies  in our in our center  at UCSF  where  we'll  have
someone  in a scanner  we've  done  it with , e.g. , they  have  more  than  one  demand  on their .
[00:08:23.340]
And we'll  see that  fragmentation  occur  not just  in their  performance , which  is quite  obvious  for pretty 
much  anyone , but we'll  see it even  narrowly  that  there's  really  a switching  between  the networks  that 
are involved  in accomplishing  either  of those  tasks  independently  and  that  you can't  really  multitask 
in that  true  sense  of of parallel  processing  to things  that  are demanding  your  attention .
[00:08:50.020]
Now , if you can  offload  it and  it becomes  reflexive  and  becomes  a skill  that  doesn't  require  attention ,
then  you can  do more  than  one  thing .
[00:09:00.250]
But the minute  that  changes , that's  when  the conflict  and  the interference  occurs . So just  to say just 
to go back  to your  example  of listening  to a podcast  and  driving  a car.
[00:09:12.070]
Sure . That  could  work . And  it does  work  most  of the time  because  driving  is often  very  reflexive  and 
you're  pulling  in a lot of bottom  up information  from  the environment , making  reflexive  decisions 
without  your  top down  attention . And  so that  allows  you to focus  your  attention  on listening  to the
podcast  and  digesting  it and  understanding  it. But then  something  happens  on the road  and 
something  unexpected  and  something  that  demands  your  attention .
[00:09:40.540]
And that  is the point  of interference  and  conflict , because  now  your  attention  has  to move  from  the
podcast  back  to the road .
[00:09:50.470]
It may  not get there  fast  enough . And  then  this  is where  you feel  that  that  wait  and  suffer  the you
know , in this  example , incredibly  detrimental  consequences  of not being  able  to truly  drive  and  listen 
to that  podcast  with  all of your  resources  devoted  to both  of them .
[00:10:07.360]
Equally  so, I recommend  that  people  pull over  to the side  of the road  if they're  in danger  of missing  or
subsequent  sentences . Her, you've  got to have  your  priorities  straight . So used  it to phrases  there  that
are terms  of jargon  in not just  neuroscience , but cognitive  science  and  engineering  generally  bottom 
up and  top down . How  do you think  about  those ? And  it strikes  me that  there's  a pretty  clear 
asymmetry  in terms  of of the bandwidth  in those  pathways . Yeah , let's  break  that  down  a bit.
[00:10:40.560]It's sort  of core  to this  discussion  about  information  processing  and  the brain . And  those  terms  are
used  in a lot of different  fields  and  they're  not so different  in the context  here  in cognitive 
neuroscience  and  cognitive  science . And  that  the way  I think  about  is from  the perspective  of
attention . I think  about  most  of these  things . From  that  perspective , I find  it's really  useful .
[00:11:01.030]
So attention  is an incredibly  broad  concept  and  a complex  one  that  would  take  us an hour  to tease 
apart  all the subtleties . But one  way  of thinking  about  it is in two  categories . One  is bottom  up
attention  and  the other  is top down  attention . And  bottom  up attention  is when  your  limited  resources ,
because  we have  those  limitations  and  both  top down  and  bottom  up have  limitations  that  are
limited . Mental  resources  are being  drawn  or being  activated  by the environmental  stimuli  itself .
[00:11:33.670]
So a loud  sound , a flash  of light , your  name , something  that's  very  important , are salient  to you, is
going  to demand  your  attention  and  pull your  resources  towards  it very  rapidly .
[00:11:45.310]
And this  is obviously  a strong  survival  advantage . If you don't  have  great  bottom  up, you're  likely  to
get eaten  pretty  fast . And  so that's  bottom  up attention . So it's a very  ancient  part  of our attentional 
system  that  was  really  critical  for our survival  on all animal  survival . And  then  there's  Top-Down 
attention .
[00:12:04.910]
And by that  I mean  the goal  directed  attention . It's when  you make  a decision , a conscious  decision 
based  on interpreting  information  from  either  the external  environment  or your  internal  environment 
about  where  your  attention  is directed .
[00:12:18.610]
And so you you can  be, you know , attending  to something  like this  podcast  right  now .
[00:12:26.290]
And you have  every  goal  to absorb  all this  information . And  your  attention  may  get pulled  away  by a
bottom  up force .
[00:12:34.330]
And so we're  constantly  managing  these  two  draws  on our our overall  sort  of capacity  of where  we
put our resources , both  the bottom  up and  the top down .
[00:12:44.710]
And if you pay attention  to it, you'll  see it every  day, all day, at every  every  moment  is that , you know ,
these  two  attentional  forces  are constantly  playing , playing  a tug of war .
[00:12:56.500]
And so how  do you think  about  this  experience  we all have  of self  interrupting , maybe  a phrase  you
actually  used  in the book ? I don't  recall , but it's this  experience  that , you know , it's all too familiar . It's
now  practically  unconscious  all the time  of you're  paying  attention  to something . You  know , you're 
doing  work  at your  computer , say, and  then  you decide  to check  your . Well , obviously , the technology 
is playing  a massive  role  here  in terms  of notification  to make  sure  if you're  receiving  texts  or you're 
receiving  notifications , will then  then  it's being  driven  by the machines  themselves .
[00:13:36.030]
But even  without  that , we just  often  experience  this  degradation  in our ability  to sustain  attention  for
the task  at hand . And  we decided  to probably  reward  is the right  framework  to think  about  it. And  we
seek  this  dopamine  hit by switching  our attention  to something  else . And  we're  almost  never  very 
aware  of the switching  costs  there . And  just  how  much  time  is lost  reorienting  to the thing  you were 
doing  when  you do come  back . What  do we know  about  this  whole  process ?[00:14:11.340]
Yeah , I mean , it was  you said  it perfectly .
[00:14:14.070]
We can  be our attention , our top down  attention , our goal  directed  focus  can  be interfered  with . That 
interference  kind  of can  occur  on many  levels . It can  occur  from  external  stimulation .
[00:14:27.510]
So sort  of the bottom  up things  we're  talking  about , I would  say if your  phone  vibrates  in your  pocket 
or you hear  a ping  on your  computer , that's  like a perfect  example  of a bottom  up source  of attention .
And technology  companies  certainly  are aware  of that , at least  at some  level  that  you can  pull
attention  with  that . And  so, you know , that's  one  that  we're  very  aware  of. But, you know , you could 
create  interference  internally , too.
[00:14:51.720]
And so there  may  be internal  distractions . Turnell  bottom  up information  like an aching  joint  or your 
back  just  sort  of nudges  you or your  stomach  rumbles .
[00:15:02.390]
And so those  would  be like almost  like physiological  bottom  up stimuli , the coming  from  your  own 
body , but they're  knocking  on on your  brain  and  saying , hey, I need  some  attention  over  here .
[00:15:12.890]
And then  they  could  be much  more  complicated  than  that  and  occur  not sort  of in a bottom  up way ,
but just  that  you have  now  for some  reason  decided  and  it could  be subconscious  or it could  be
conscious  to divert  your  attention  from  your  original  goal . And  that  may  be to something  external  as
well. So maybe  I think  that  I could  listen  to this  podcast  and  also  bang  out a quick  email  right  now , or
it may  be directed  internally .
[00:15:43.820]
Right . So I'm going  to listen  to this , but also  think  about  what  I'm going  to have  for dinner  tonight .
[00:15:49.280]
And so we're  constantly  fragmenting  our limited , you know , attentional  focus  with  both  external  and 
internal  distractions  and  multiple  tasks .
[00:16:01.730]
And there's  a cost  for this , like you said , whether  that  cost  is something  apparent  to you or not, it is
there .
[00:16:07.970]
It has  been  well  documented  both  neurally  and  behaviorally . Yes , there's  there's  obviously  a cost  in
terms  of the time  lost  in having  to remind  yourself  where  you were  in the original  task . Right . And  then
people  don't  really  keep  track  of that . Well , but, yeah , the research  suggests  that  you do lose  a lot of
time  every  time  you switch . But there's  also  it seems  to me there's  a kind  of emotional  cost  to all of
this. And  it's it's somewhat  paradoxical  because  I think  the urge  to multitask  is often  born  of this  this 
internal  sense  of time , poverty  that  many  of us feel .
[00:16:50.570]
And there's  a kind  of a feeling  of urgency  that  comes  with  just  the sense  that  we don't  have  enough 
time  to do everything  we need  to do or want  to do. And  so, you know , hence  it seems  like a brilliant 
idea  to be doing  two  things  or more  at once . And  we really  want  to feel  that  we can  do that . And  so I
guess  so there's  a there's  probably  a reward  component  to it, but also  just  a an anxiety  component .
[00:17:16.940]
And one  way  to break  this  up is these  internal  and  external  factors . Here  we have  the our internal 
states  like boredom , anxiety , stress , a feeling  of urgency . And  this  is, you know , driving  us in this direction . And  then  there  the the external  factors , which  is just  the technology  itself  that's  designed  to
game  us in a way . I mean , so, so many  of these  platforms  that  we engage  their  entire  business  model 
is based  on maximizing  the capture  of our attention .
[00:17:53.480]
And, you know , that's  not new , but it's really  been  weaponized  to an unusual  degree  by our technology 
now . So maybe  let's  take  the internal  side  of this  first . What  is this  doing  to our emotional  lives ? And 
how  do you how  do you see it as derivative  of very  common  states  of mind , like anxiety  and  boredom ?
Yeah , I mean , you summarized  it absolutely  perfectly .
[00:18:20.440]
That's  how  I think  about  it exactly , that  there  are two  forces , an internal  and  an external  force  that 
drives  us to shift  our attention  all the time , whether  it's multitasking  or just  being  distracted  by by
external  or internal  stimuli .
[00:18:37.510]
And, you know , just  to tie this  in with  something , we talked  about  a little  bit of foraging . You  know , in
the book , I really  spent  a lot of time  developing  this , which  really  is a hypothesis  that  we're  foraging 
for information  in the way  that  other  animals  forage  for food . And  there's  a theory  that's  used  actually 
it's a mathematical  approach  to help  understand  and  actually  predict  quantitatively  of how  long  an
animal  will forage  in a particular  patch  like a squirrel  in a tree  before  moving  to another  one .
[00:19:11.150]
And it could  be actually  predicted  to really  a high  degree  of accuracy . And  they  also  have  two  forces 
that are driving  them  to make  that  decision .
[00:19:22.540]
So there's  a cost  benefit  ratio  going  on of how  long  you stay  in your  patch  versus  how  hard  it is to get
to another  patch . Right . So if you've  depleted  50 percent  of the nuts  in the tree , but the next  tree  is
really  far away , you're  just  going  to keep  eating  those  nuts . But if the next  tree  is full and  it's right 
there , 50 percent  may  be enough  for you to jump  over .
[00:19:42.500]
And so that  has  been  well  described  in how  animals  that  forage  and  pache  environments  make  sort 
of these  internal  decisions  about  remaining  or leaving  a patch . And  you could  think  of information  as
a patch  as well  that  we're  foraging .
[00:19:56.680]
And whether  it's a website  or an article  that  you're  reading  or any task  that  you're  engaged  in.
[00:20:03.040]
And there  are these  internal  and  external  forces  that  decide  sort  of the cost  benefit  ratio  of you
staying  there  or just  keep  switching .
[00:20:11.290]
And on the internal  side , I think  what's  clear  is that , you know , there  is often  a diminished  return  of
remaining  at a patch , sort  of eating  the nuts .
[00:20:20.530]
Right . Like  you've  read  three  quarters  of the article , like you sort  of have  the idea  already . So that 
that's  true . And  that's  just  part  of why  people  switch  ever . Right . And  that's  sort  of unavoidable .
[00:20:31.450]
But then  this  seems  to be these  other  aspects  that  you talked  about  that  are becoming  quite  clear 
now  in that  this  these  forces  that  drive  us out of a patch  that  are not related  to the diminishing  returns
related  to the information  itself . They're  related  to these  sort  of internal  drives  that  we're  just 
intolerant  to being  bored . Boredom  feels  just  something  that  we cannot  just  sit with  and  allow  towash  over  us, even  though  it doesn't  actually  hurt  us. And  then  there's  also  that  anxiety  that  you're 
missing  out on something  else  that  famo  that  there's  something  going  on that's  deserving  of your 
time  that  you're  missing .
[00:21:07.870]
And then  there's  also  the anxiety  that  you're  not being  maximally  productive , that  you have  the
capacity  to get another  thing  done  simultaneously . And  so is those  elements  accumulate  over  time ,
along  with  your  diminished  return  that  you're  getting  from  the patch  you're  in. There's  a driving  force 
to push  you out. And  in the if that  next  tree  is really  close , if it's really  just  a tab in your  browser  or your
phone  sitting  in your  pocket , then  there  is no resistance  to switching  and  you just  keep  moving .
[00:21:40.090]
Yeah , well , the next  tree , informationally  speaking , is always  just  right  there , you know , I mean , it's it's
a tab away  and . Yep . And  there  are an infinite  number  of trees  now . I mean  so in one  sense  boredom 
has almost  been  driven  into  extinction  by technology  because , you know , this  just  again , we have 
perpetual  access  to the totality  of the world's  information . And  I still remember  what  it was  like to
walk  into  a blockbuster  video  looking  for a movie  to watch  and  spending  some  intolerable  amount  of
time  roaming  the aisles  there  looking  for a film  I hadn't  seen  or wanted  to see again .
[00:22:19.900]
And I remember  how  inefficient  that  was  and  how  prone  to failure  it was . I mean , it got to a point 
where  there  was  no guarantee  I was  going  to come  out of a video  store  with  something  to watch ,
right ? Yep , I remember  that , you know , I mean , this  never  happened  in a bookstore . I mean , there  was 
still functionally  infinite  number  of books  I wanted  to read . But with  film , I really  felt like we were  kind 
of coming  up against  the limitations  of supply  there .
[00:22:49.060]
And yet now  we have  access  to so much  information  and  entertainment  and  it's becoming  so
frictionless . I mean , we most  of us are still juggling  too many  apps  and  too many  sources . But insofar 
as it gets  consolidated  in places  like Netflix , you know , it's just  like boredom  has  almost  been 
banished  on one  level , except  on another  level  it appears  to be. Growing  in the sense  that  it feels  like
our our reward  cycles  in our engagement  with  media  are getting  shorter  and  there's  zero  downtime 
between  them .
[00:23:28.440]
I mean , literally , the next  episode  begins  to auto  play  on most  of these  platforms . Right . And  you have 
to opt out of watching  it rather  than  decide  what  you want  to watch  next . So it's just  we're  now  part  of
this binge  watching  machine . And  it's not just  watching  I and  binge  reading , binge  scrolling  of social 
media  and  the friction's  out of the system . Our expectation  of reward  is coming . And  it feels  to me
much  shorter  increments  of time .
[00:23:57.840]
And I would  I would  expect  that  our attention  span , which  is to say our tolerance  for boredom  or just 
the uncertainty  of what  our attention  is going  to land  on in a satisfying  way  is growing  shorter . So on
one level , I feel  like boredom  is almost  gone . But on another  level , I feel  like we are being  tuned  to be
less and  less  resilient  to boredom  than  we've  ever  been . Yeah , I think  that's  that's  exactly  right . And 
it's sort  of a fun area  of some  harmless  self  experimentation .
[00:24:31.170]
You know , you have  these  moments  that  throughout  the day where  you're  forced  to stop  doing  things 
like one  that  I love  is just , you know , although  things  are shifting  now , but because  people  order  in. But
like when  you're  waiting  online  at a grocery  store  and  you're  you sort  of have  only  two  people  in front 
of you, it's not really  going  to take  that  long .
[00:24:52.050]
You could  just  pause  there  and  think  about  things  and  just  relax  your  mind . But I mean , I feel  it just 
like think  like most  people  do, this  does  drive  to just  reach  into  your  pocket  and  with  no actual intention  of necessarily  or need  to look  something  up.
[00:25:10.180]
But just  to let that  information  flow  start  again , even  at a light , you know , at a traffic  light , you know ,
you know , it's only  going  to be 30 seconds .
[00:25:18.740]
And this  is part  of the danger  that , you know , that  you can  feel  if you just  allow  a little  bit of
introspection  in time  to occur  on those  natural  pauses  in our life. You  can  feel  that  onset  of boredom .
[00:25:32.710]
And, you know , it's something  that  there  is, like you said , just  a very , very  low tolerance  for. And  I
would  I would  challenge  people  to get familiar  with  that  feeling  of boredom , not to be afraid  of it, to
realize  that  it's not going  to hurt  you. And , you know , it's sort  of like a little  hunger's , not necessarily 
the worst  thing  at times  as well .
[00:25:52.390]
You don't  need  to eat every  second  when  you get these  stimuli . So being  in control  and  being  aware 
of your  of these  internal  states  is really  critical .
[00:26:01.570]
And so I think  with  the intolerance  of boredom , there's  a lack  of appreciation  or recognition  of it as
well.
[00:26:09.010]
So what  do you recommend  people  do? What  sort  of bright  lines  do you you think  they  should  should 
look  for in their  their  lives ? And  whether  we think  about  this  in terms  of habit  patterns  or discipline  or
engaging  with  technology  differently  or different  technologies ? I think  we want  to talk  about  some  of
the work  you're  doing  in digital  medicine  at the end , but what  do you recommend  people  do on a day
to day basis ? Yeah , this  is such  a great  question .
[00:26:40.870]
It was  sort  of an interesting  point  in my life as a scientist . And  I know  you have  neuroscience  roots  as
well.
[00:26:49.150]
When  I started  getting  asked  that  question  because  I don't  like fancied  myself  as like a self-help  type 
of person , but but I understood  the need  for it.
[00:26:58.930]
You know , I've been  studying  distraction  and  multitasking  from  a neuroscientists  perspective . And 
when  it came  to writing  a book  on the topic  that  I wanted  to be more  than  a neuroscience  primer  on
on this , it was  a very  real  question  that  I had  to ask myself , you know , how  do I answer  that ?
[00:27:17.800]
And so how  I really  went  about  it was  just  describe  to people  what  I do.
[00:27:21.940]
So, you know , this  is, you know , my own  desire  to live a focused  life of meaning . And  how  do I get
there , knowing  all of this  information  that  I've found  in my own  research , what  are the things  that  I do?
[00:27:36.340]
And so that's  sort  of the route  that  I went  about  this  and  also  the grounding  in the marginal  value 
theorem , the forge  optimal  forging  models  that  we talk  about  gave  a lot of those  clues , because  once 
you see the pressures  that  make  us switch  all the time , so that's  sort  of what  I used  as a foundation 
to give  advice  to both  myself  and  anyone  else .[00:27:57.640]
Once  you understand  the pressures  that  drive  this  behavior , then  you sort  of have  the framework  for
reversing  that  and  creating  new  habits .
[00:28:06.880]
So as we already  described  this , both  external  and  internal  pressures  on the external  side , because 
that's  one's  a little  easier  is just  the accessibility . There's  no doubt  that  the accessibility  is driving  a lot
of this  behavior  because  that  tree  is so close .
[00:28:21.340]
So some  of the things  and  some  people  do this  and  go to extreme  measures  to do this  is start 
limiting  some  accessibility  just  to make  it a little  easier .
[00:28:30.370]
So, you know , if you can't  not look  at your  phone  when  you're  at a traffic  light , maybe  you should  put
the phone  in the trunk  of your  car. Maybe  you should  not work  with  all your  browsers  open . Or if you're
really  writing  an article  that  has  a time  pressure  on it, maybe  not keep  Twitter  or Slack  open  at the
same  time . And  so limiting  accessibility  is just  a really  simple  way  to start  decreasing . That  switching 
tendency  a little  more  complicated  is on the internal  side .
[00:29:01.270]
How  do you monitor  and  and  manage  the anxiety  and  the boredom  and  the desire  for high , higher 
degrees  of productivity  that  are driving  you from  that  side  of the equation ?
[00:29:13.060]
And for there , what  I experimented  with , with  myself  was  just  practicing . Like  many  things  in life, they 
don't  come  necessarily  without  effort  practicing  the art of sustained  attention  and  single  tasking .
[00:29:28.270]
And I started  doing  this , you know , a couple  of years  ago  as a sort  of now  speaking  about  the book  in
that content  publicly  and  just  saying , OK, I'm going  to challenge  myself . I have  an hour  that  I'm going 
to quit  everything  except  this  one  source  of my attention , this  one  focus . And  when  I started  doing 
that at the beginning , it was  really  hard . It was  shockingly  hard  because  I felt this  desire  to, like, just 
go and  check  Facebook  or just  go and  talk  to someone , even  if it wasn't  a.
[00:29:58.200]
And so what  I started  doing  and  what  I advise  people  based  on my own  experience  is start  with  small 
periods  of time  that  you're  doing  singular  focus  and  feel  what  happens , understand  the boredom  and 
the anxiety , work  through  it and  stick  with  it. And  then  take  that  break , make  that  break .
[00:30:17.670]
Not about  necessarily  going  on social  media  or getting  into  these  iterative  like sinkholes . Just  take 
you away  from  your  goals , but rather  stretch , do some  light , exercise , close  your  eyes , meditate , look 
at nature  either  through  photography  or real  nature . These  things , I think , have  a lot of support  for
being  really  healthy  little  breaks  and  then  get back  into  that  focus  and  see if you can  extend  that  over 
time . I think  it's sort  of similar  to someone  learning  how  to become  like a long  distance  runner .
[00:30:48.390]
Like you can't  really  just  start  by running  for miles . And  what's  intolerable  to you on day one ? Because 
it's painful  or maybe  even  boring .
[00:30:57.300]
After  a while , you start  enjoying  that  feeling .
[00:31:00.180]
And I think  I've discovered  it's like that  with  this  is well , you could  single  task , sort  of like an endurance
runner  where  after  a while  it's just  effortless  and  even  fun to do that .[00:31:12.300]
And so I think  it's a process  of baby  stepping  into  longer  periods  of time , of building  the skill  sets  that 
allow  you to sustain  your  attention  without  derailing  yourself .
[00:31:24.190]
I think  this  notion  of single  tasking  is really  important , and  the fact  that  we even  have  a name  for it is a
sign  of how  far we've  wandered  from  from  from  what  used  to be normal .
[00:31:36.060]
And when  I think  about  how  much  harder  it's getting  to read  a book  and  if that's  happening  to me and 
I'm kind  of a canary  in the coal  mine  for this , because , you know , I really  I read  a lot, you know , books 
have  always  been  a major  part  of my life. I read  both  professionally  and  for for pleasure . But even  I
am finding  it harder  to to finish  books . I mean , it's just  one  you know , the competition  for my attention
is just  always  at a fever  pitch .
[00:32:08.310]
So I it gets  diverted  into  other  streams  of information . But I am also  finding  it harder  to just  just  to
commit  to, you know , sitting  down  for an hour  and  doing  nothing  but reading  the book . Right . And  that
makes  me realize  that  I'm almost  unrecognizable  to myself . The  Sam  Harris  of 20 years  ago  would 
not have  been  able  to imagine  finding  reading  a book  for an hour  at all difficult . I mean , that  there  was
kind  of a basin  of attraction  there  for me, which  was  I mean , once  I once  I was  in it, you know , I was  in
it.
[00:32:46.050]
It's like forecasting  that  at some  point  you're  going  to find  it difficult  to eat ice cream . Right , like that .
That  makes  no sense  at all. It's it's something  I consciously  correct  for. And  as you know , I spent  a lot
of time  focusing  on it explicitly  the topic  of meditation  and  the importance  of training  attention  in that 
way, being  able  to pay attention  is one  thing , but having  an internal  sense  that  there  are many  things 
that merit  your  attention  right  now .
[00:33:14.010]
And the best  way  to to play  this  game  is to essentially  have  many  browser  windows  always  open . It's
a kind  of decision  that  once  you make  it, you're  then  forced  to function  in that  fairly  doomed  paradigm
of just  splitting  attention . So I do think  there's  a lot to be said  for just  making  a decision  around 
certain  things  like this . And  so having  the concept  of single  tasking , it's a kind  of hack  for what  you're 
going  to tend  to do by default  just  because  of what's  happening  at your  desk  and  coming  from  the
smartphone  in your  pocket .
[00:33:50.340]
Yeah , I agree . I mean , I like the way  you said  that . It's it's really  more  than  one  factor  here  that  that 
leads  to success  in the way  out of this . One  of them  is the actual  cognitive  skill  set of being  able  to
sustain  attention .
[00:34:04.980]
And I think  that  that  even  if you want  to and  meditation  is a great  way  to build  that  that  ability .
[00:34:13.710]
I mean , you know , meditation , many  forms  of concentrated  meditation  are essentially  that  there  are
attention  training  practices  in many  ways . And  so that's  part  of it. And  then  you have  to make  the
decision  to actually  apply  it in a consistent  fashion . And  that  comes  along  with  controlling  your 
environment  to put you in the best  possible  setting  to accomplish  it.
[00:34:39.990]
And then  there  is you know , with  all of that  comes  the forming  of new  habits  so that  it's not a
constant .[00:34:47.830]
Control  effort  to do that , that  that  it is your  reflex , your  reflex  is to engage  in the world  in this  way .
[00:34:56.860]
And I think  that  with  all those  factors , it's possible  to see your  way  through .
[00:35:01.900]
But it comes  with  recognition  of what  the cost  of this  type  of style  of interaction  with  technology . And 
your  environment  in general  is that  allows  it gives  you the motivation  to take  all these  steps  to just  live
differently .
[00:35:15.550]
So how  can  technology  help ? I mean , you have  this  phrase . I've heard  you use digital  medicine , which 
is part  of what  you're  exploring  as a tech  entrepreneur  and  a scientist . You  know , what  is digital 
medicine  and  what  else  do you see on the horizon  in terms  of new  technology  that  can  help  us?
[00:35:35.740]
Yeah , well , thanks  for thanks  for the opportunity  to talk  about  both  sides  of this  coin , because 
normally , like in very  short  formats , I'll do like an NPR  interview . And  I have  five minutes .
[00:35:46.120]
And it's a nuanced  discussion  because  here  I am, the author  of a book  called  The  Distracted  Mind .
[00:35:52.600]
We just  have  been  talking  for 40 minutes  about  all of the challenges  of our ability  to maintain 
attention  and  how  technology  has  aggravated  that . And  what  I spend  most  of my time  working  on, on
the academic  and  on the industry  side  is using  technology  as a way  of improving  attention . And  so it
is complex , you know , on the surface . So I appreciate  the opportunity  to dive  in a little  bit. I think  it's
not dissimilar  from , you know , most  other  things  in nature  is that  there's  a yin yang , right ?
[00:36:26.380]
There's  always  this  push  and  pull in. Any  sword  can  cut both  ways , a term  that  you used  already . And 
that's  true  of technology .
[00:36:34.360]
And I, I sort  of dove  in deep  into  that  pool  of OK, technology  has  aggravated  our our already 
fragmented  attention  and  a lot of the ways  that  we've  been  talking  about , starting  with  that  as a
foundation .
[00:36:50.370]
Can we reimagine  it as a tool  to actually  do the reverse , to help  our attention  and  that  is a goal  that 
was born  out of just  practicality  that  I don't  believe  we're  put in this  genie  back  in the bottle . I mean , it
is here . It is powerful  and  it has  a lot of really  amazing  assets .
[00:37:09.090]
It's all over  the world . Right .
[00:37:10.800]
So it has  this  incredible  ability  not just  to connect , but to reach  people  that  don't  have  access  to many 
things  like doctors  and  teachers .
[00:37:21.300]
So it has  all of these  incredible  strengths  that  really  appeal  to me.
[00:37:26.250]
And so I dove  into , you know , now  it's been  12 years  since  I challenged  myself  at thinking  about 
technology  as a source  of good , not just  in general , in some  wishy  washy  way , but actually  as a tool  tohelp  fine  tune  attention  abilities . That  was  my original  goal . And  starting  12 years  ago , I came  up with ,
you know , sort  of this  idea . I used  the term  digital  medicine  a lot. I think  more  frequently  I use a term 
experiential  medicine  to encapsulate  something  a little  larger , digital  medicine  being  an example  of
that or one  of of many  types  of experiential  medicines .
[00:38:04.680]
But the the general  idea  behind  digital  medicine  and  the bigger  category  of experiential  medicine  is
that our brains  have  this  phenomena  of plasticity , its ability  to modify  itself  at every  level  in response 
to challenge  and  experience .
[00:38:20.130]
And this  is then  the basis  of learning  it exists  throughout  our lives . It doesn't  just  end  after  you
become  an adult  and  certainly  not through  older  ages , as we now  appreciate .
[00:38:31.570]
And so the general  concept  is if we can  challenge  the brain  in a targeted  way  and  align  the mechanics
of whatever  that  interaction  is and  the reward  systems  appropriately , we should  be able  to optimize 
these  neural  systems , whatever  they  may  be.
[00:38:50.580]
And it's a very  ancient  practice . Meditation , mindfulness , which  I know  is a big part  of your  world  is, I
would  say, a perfect  example  of an experiential  medicine , and  it could  be delivered  through  a human 
expert  or it could  be delivered  digitally , in which  case  I would  say that's  a digital  medicine . So that's 
sort of, you know , the high  level  path  that  I've been  on now  for over  a decade , both  in research  and  in
sort of product  creation  and  entrepreneurship , is to think  about  how  we build  technologies  that  create 
interactions  that  help  us improve  the function  of our brains .
[00:39:27.160]
Yeah , I want  to reiterate  that  point  you just  made , which  is often  made , but I feel  like it doesn't  really 
land  for people , or at least  it. It can  be one , it's counterintuitive  and  to it it's often  hyped  in a way  that 
that is misleading . So this  notion  that  what  you do with  your  brain  winds  up physically  changing  your 
brain  based  on neuroplasticity . You  know , this  is a fascinating  fact  about  us that  the machinery  that  is
producing  our experience  and  cognition  changes  itself  based  on how  it's used .
[00:40:03.060]
And yet, as you point  out, that's  that's  the key to all learning  and  everything  else  about  us. That  leaves 
a trace . Right . So if someone's  going  to remember  anything  about  this  conversation , they'll  remember 
it based  on actual  physical  changes  in their  brains . That's  what  the encoding  of memory  requires . And
yet it's often  said  that  people  kind  of marvel  at the claim  that  that  there's  evidence , scientific  evidence
that something  like meditation  practice  can  physically  change  the brain  or the functional  behavior  of
the brain  under  neuroimaging .
[00:40:37.950]
But of course , it does . Right ? Literally , everything  you do changes  your  brain . So on some  level , it is a
kind  of a hyp claim  that  one  hears  in the meditation  literature  to emphasize  this  point  because 
everything  changes  your  brain . But because  we have  this  general  property  of plasticity , we really 
should  view  the consequences  of paying  attention  to specific  things  and  specific  ways  as being  fairly 
indelible  until  we do something  else  that  changes  us in some  other  way .
[00:41:13.170]
Right . So on some  level , you you get more  of what  you pay attention  to. It's almost  like the algorithms 
that are successful  a game  in our attention  when  we know  that  if you're  on YouTube  and  you keep 
clicking  on videos  of cats  or Olympic  sprinter  finals  or whatever  it is, whatever  you get into , you get
more  of the same . And  on some  level , you that  same  kind  of algorithmic  property  is true  of us. I mean ,
you you're  making  yourself  based  on what  you're  doing  with  your  attention  and  the kinds  of habits 
you're  ramifying  and  you are quite  literally  sculpting  your  neural  circuitry  in the meantime .[00:41:54.810]
And everyone  experiences  this  in miniature  psychologically . But it's another  thing  to to remind 
yourself  that  there's  a physical  basis  for this  kind  of, you know , living  sculpture  that  is producing  this .
This  is something  that  we've  been  doing  inadvertently , more  or less  every  moment  of our lives . And 
now  we have  the most  well  resourced  and  technologically  competent  companies  that  have  ever 
existed , turning  their  their  tractor  beams  on us and  demanding  our attention  from  every  screen  in
sight . And  what  you don't  take  responsibility  for here  is going  to happen  to you based  on other 
people's  business  models .
[00:42:39.210]
And it's it's just  worth  realizing  that  the causality  here  is not really  in dispute . Basically , all of these 
moments  matter  and  they  they  deliver  to you your  future  self  who  will have  whatever  competencies  or
or weaknesses  or a mounting  dissatisfaction  with  the life to deal  with . And  if your  life doesn't  feel  the
way you want  it to feel , there's  a lot you have  done  on purpose  and  by accident  to bring  yourself  to
this point . And  there's  a lot you may  yet do to feel  differently .
[00:43:14.670]
Yeah , I mean , that  was  a beautifully  set.
[00:43:16.380]
I think  that  that  is really  true . It's sort  of something  that's  overhyped  and  used  sometimes  even  as a
marketing  tool  and  yet underappreciated  for its true , profound  power  of change  that  it that 
experiences  can  can  induce .
[00:43:33.060]
One way  that , you know , the reason  I use I put the word  medicine  in there , although  it doesn't  have  to
necessarily  be or. If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam 
Harris  dog . You'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other 
subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been 
having  on the Waking  Up app . The  Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener 
support .
[00:44:06.880]
And you can  subscribe  now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the
podcast . If you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . There 
you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content . And  as always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the
podcast , so if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option .
[00:00:37.740]
Sam  Harris  dug  to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions 
asked . OK, no housekeeping  today , today , in presenting  a conversation  I had  with  Stephen  Lawrence ,
who  is a Belgian  neuroscientist  and  neurologist , he has  a clinical  practice  as well , and  he's  engaged  in
a lot of fascinating  research , which  we don't  actually  talk  about  that  will be left for a future 
conversation  this  time  around . He wanted  to interview  me for a book  he's  doing  and  he wanted  to talk 
about  meditation .
[00:01:15.610]
And as the conversation  got into  some  interesting  detail , I thought  many  of you would  like to hear  it.
So this  is me being  interviewed  about  meditation , what  it is, and  why  one  would  do it, how  it can  help 
us understand  the mind  scientifically  and  the ways  in which  it can't . And  now  I bring  you Stephen 
Lawrence . I am here  with  Stephen  Lauras  Stephen . Nice  to meet  you. Nice  to meet  you, Sam .
[00:01:47.900]
So, Stephen , you're  working  on a book  and  you wanted  to talk  about  meditation  and  consciousness 
and related  things . And  so I'm happy  to do it and  happy  to go wherever  you want  to lead . Thank  you
for that . Yes , indeed .
[00:02:00.440]
I actually  wrote  a book . I was  invited  to do so by a Flemish  small  publishing  company  and . It's about 
my personal  experience  and  then  as a neuroscientist , how  we study  the brain  of these  Buddhist 
monks  and  how  as a neurologist , I now  actually  prescribe  meditation  and  it turned  out to do very  well .
It was  then  translated  in French  and  other  languages  and  now  it's coming  out in in English .
[00:02:37.820]
And so I'm very , very  happy  to have  your  testimony  and  how , when  and  why  you started  to meditate .
[00:02:49.190]
Nice , just  so my listeners  know . So you're  a you're  a neuroscientist  and  a neurologist , so you have 
clinical  practice  now  or you're  in your  hospital . Yes , right , I mean , in the University  Hospital  of Lige , I'm
an M.D.  and  neurologist , our area  of expertise  actually  is the damaged  brain . So I created  the Coma 
Science  Group  and  now  had  the Jega  Consciousness  Research  Unit  where  we tried . And  from  a
scientific  point  of view , basically  to understand  human  consciousness , which , as you know , is one  of
the biggest  mysteries  for science  to solve .
[00:03:33.150]
And we do that  not only  by looking  at patients  who  have  severe  acquired  brain  damage  after  trauma 
or haemorrhage  or survivors  of cardiac  arrest . So that's  coma  and  related  states , also  near-death 
experiences .
[00:03:48.120]
But then  we also  have  a lab looking  at what  happens  in your  brain  and  mind  when  you are
anesthetized , when  you're  giving  these  narcotic  drugs  or psychedelic  drugs , for that  matter . And 
finally , we have  a strong  tradition  here  and  a whole  lab looking  at hypnosis  and  its medical  use. We
have  over  10000  patients  who  had  surgeries , like taking  out your  Turid  or tumor  in the breast  were 
anywhere  you would  have  general  anesthesia  or pharmacological  coma . But here  people  are
undergoing  this  intervention  while  basically  thinking  about  their  holidays .[00:04:28.740]
And in this  hypnotic  state , wow , you've  had  thousands  of people  have  surgery  without  anesthesia 
under  hypnosis . Yes . Yes .
[00:04:37.740]
This  is a wonderful  woman  who's  called  Meredith  for Mooresville , who  is an anesthesiologist . And 
see, she's  really  a pioneer  who  introduced  hypnosis . And  as you know , this  is, you know , what  we
know  from  from  television  and  theater , you know , doing  tricks .
[00:04:55.560]
But it's also  something  that  illustrates , I think , again , the power  of the mind  and  how  she if she is
shown  you can  use this  in the operating  room  during  surgery , but also  now  in the pain  clinic . So, yeah ,
that that's  what  we do with  the team . But talking  about  meditation  for me is is something  I it's out of
my comfort  zone . It's not something  that  I, you know , would  have  predicted  20 years  ago .
[00:05:28.440]
Yeah , I'm happy  to get into  it with  you. So I think  your  first  question  was  how  I got into  it. And  it was  in
my case , and  this  is really  not unusual , my interest  was  first  precipitated  by a drug  experience . In my
case , it was  MDMA , otherwise  known  as ecstasy . And  I think  I was  18 and  I had  an experience  there 
which . Was  not what's  the all too common  one  now , I wasn't  I wasn't  at a rave  or a party  or it wasn't 
really  a recreational  use of of that  drug , I took  it knowing  its potential  to reveal  something  interesting 
about  the nature  of my mind .
[00:06:09.870]
And I took  it very  much  in the spirit  of investigating  my mind  and  and  seeing  what  transformative 
experiences  might  be on the other  side  of my. My ordinary  waking  consciousness , and  so the
experience  itself  wasn't  so directly  relevant  to what  I later  came  to consider  the true  purpose  of
meditation , but it revealed  for me the fact  that  it was  possible  to have  a very  different  experience  of of
myself  and  the world  and  my my sense  of my being  in the world  and  just  it was  possible  have  a much 
better  life than  I was  going  to have  by just  living  out the the implications  of my own  conditioning  and 
tendencies  at that  point .
[00:06:56.030]
So it set me on this  path  of self  inquiry , really , and  where  I would  then , you know , explicitly  studied 
techniques  of meditation  to try to explore  the landscape  of mind  further  directly  through  through 
introspection . And  I have  taken  other  psychedelics  since . And  I you know , and  so psychedelics  have 
been  a part  of this , but they  are separable . I mean , perhaps  you want  to talk  about  that . But it was 
there's  no question  that  but for that  initial  experience , it seems  pretty  likely  that  I may  never  have 
grown  interested  in meditation  or anything  like it.
[00:07:34.330]
So when  was  you were  18 years  old, curious  and  then  taking  these  drugs  to kind  of explore  changes  in
self perception ? And  then  and  then  you turn  to meditation  and  what  kinds  of meditation  did you try? I
had been  given  a book  by Ramdas , who  originally  was  named  Richard  Alpert , and  he was  along  with 
Timothy  Leary , led some  of those  initial  experiments  at Harvard  in the 60s  studying  LSD  and  was  also 
fired  from  Harvard , along  with  Tim  Leary  for their  their  misadventures  and  in handing  out LSD  to all
comers .
[00:08:23.680]
He then  he many  people  know  his story . He went  to India , he met  his teacher . He came  back  in with  a
very long  beard  and  in a dress  calling  himself  Ramdas . And  he then  was  a kind  of spiritual  teacher  for
many , many  years . He only  recently  died . And  so this  was  around . This  was  87. I sat my first 
meditation  retreat  with  him  and  there  he was  teaching  an eclectic  mix  of practices . And  he was  it was
really  a kind  of buffet  of spirituality , but part  of it was  Buddhist  meditation  in particular , Vipassana  or
mindfulness  meditation .
[00:09:07.270]And that  was  the practice  I most  connected  with  on that  retreat . And  then  I went  on to sit, you know ,
explicitly  Buddhist  Vipassana  retreats , you know , in silence  after  that , and  spent  a lot of time  studying 
with  my friend  Joseph  Goldstein , who  is one  of my first  Vipassana  teachers , and  sat with  his teacher 
side open  data , a Burmese  meditation  master , and  then  eventually  migrated  away  from  strict 
Vipassana  for some  reasons . I think  we'll  probably  talk  about  just  the the logic  of the practice  and  the
kind  of goal  seeking  that  was  built  into  it eventually  seemed  mistaken  to me, or at least  unnecessary 
and and  also  a source  of, you know , a fair amount  of striving  and  psychological  suffering .
[00:09:59.380]
And then  I connected  with  so-called  non  dual  practices  both  within  and  outside  of Buddhism . And  that
did change . It did significantly  shift  my approach  to meditation , but that  took  a few  years  to happen .
So there  were  several  years  there  where  I was  mostly  and  never  exclusively , but certainly  mostly 
practicing . You  know  what  people  in the West  know  as mindfulness  now , but very  much  under  a kind 
of Burmese  Theravada  Buddhist  influence  and  then  migrated  to the Tibetan  practice  of Zogu  Chen ,
but also  influenced  by some  teachers  and  teachings  I encountered  outside  of Buddhism .
[00:10:42.580]
And yeah , it's all of that  during  my 20s  that  absorbed  a fair amount  of time . I spent  about  two  years  on
silent  retreat  in the decade  of my 20s  and  had  dropped  out of school  and , you know , wasn't  quite  sure 
how  I was  going  to integrate  all of these  things . And  then  only  after  that  decade  that  I returned  to
school  and  get a PhD  in neuroscience  and  begin  to get all of my my interests  aligned . And  it's taken 
some  time .
[00:11:11.980]
But, you know , now  I'm in a position  to have  the kinds  of conversations  I want  to have  about  the
nature  of the mind  and  what  can  be understood  about  it or not based  on first  person  methods  like
meditation . Wow .
[00:11:26.770]
So how  would  you define  these  nonjudicial  practices  and  how  they  differ  differ  from  from 
mindfulness ?
[00:11:38.380]
I think  it's best  understood , certainly  by anyone  who  has  tried  to meditate  by describing  the, you know ,
the usual  starting  point  for the practice  of meditation . So someone  decides  they  they  want  to
meditate  and  they're  taught  a method  and  they  say this  can  be mindfulness  is can  be, you know , some
other  method  like transcendental  meditation . Your  mantra  meditation  could  be a visualization 
practice . It can  be any use of their  attention . But most  of us start  that  project  from  a specific  point  of
view .
[00:12:12.460]
I mean , people  tend  to close  their  eyes  and , you know , if it's ordinary  mindfulness  practice , they  might 
be told  to focus  on the breath . And  so if you close  your  eyes  and  you try to pay attention  to your 
breath , most  people  will feel  that  their  consciousness , their  awareness  is a kind  of a locus  of of
attention  in the head . They're  paying  attention  from  someplace  and  it's very  likely  in their  head , behind
their  eyes , and  they  can  aim  their  attention  at the object  of meditation .
[00:12:47.200]
So if they're  aiming  their  attention  at the breath , whether , you know , at the tip of the nose  or in the
rising  and  falling  of their  chest  or abdomen , there's  a sense  of. Being  a subject  in the head  that  can 
now  strategically  pay attention  to something  and  of course , that  the real  obstacle  to doing  this 
successfully  is distraction , getting  lost  in thought . And  so thoughts  are continually  arising  and  you're 
getting  pulled  away  from  the object  of meditation . And  then  you bring  your  attention  back  to the
breath  or to sounds  or to a visualization  or a mantra , whatever  you're  focusing  on.
[00:13:24.770]
And as concentration  builds , this  can  become  more  and  more  successful  as you can . Actually ,attention  can  rest  on the object  of meditation  for a longer  period  of time . And  if you're  practicing 
mindfulness , you can  get good  enough  so that  you can  even  notice  thoughts  arising  as objects  and 
consciousness  rather  than  just  be merely  taken  away  by them  in each  moment . And  many  interesting 
changes  in one's  state  of mind  and  emotion  can  happen  here . But if you're  practicing  dualistic , it more
or less  always  feels  like there  is a meditator .
[00:14:03.640]
There  is a subject  who  is paying  attention . There's  the subject  which  is the source  of awareness  itself ,
and then  there's  the object  of awareness  and  whether  it's the breath  or a sound  or whatever . And  that 
point  of view , that  duality , that  subject  object  perception  is an illusion . I mean  that  and  it is the primary
illusion  that  meditation  is designed  to cut through . And  if you're  practicing  really  well  in this  dualistic 
way, that  will occasionally  happen  and  it may  happen .
[00:14:37.960]
A fair amount  can  happen  if you go on retreat  and  you do nothing  but meditate  for 12 to 18 hours  a
day and  your  mindfulness  gets  very  continuous  and  effortless , you can  find  that  this  subject  object 
distance  collapses  again  and  again  and  again . And  so you'll  hear  a sound , for instance . And  in that 
brief  moment  of just  the impingement  of the sound  on your  eardrum , you might  notice  that  there  is no
sense  of one  who  is hearing  the sound . There's  just  hearing  there's  no there's  no you know , you and 
the head  listening  to a bird  out there .
[00:15:11.560]
There's  just  this  ineffable  appearance  of hearing  that  has  unified  the subject , drops  away  and  the
object  drops  away , really . And  there's  just  kind  of the unity  of knowing  and  and  its appearances . But
again , it's haphazard . You  don't  have  any control  over  it. When  it stops  happening , you're  left thinking ,
oh, that  was  that  was  interesting . How  do I get back  to that ? And  it seems  under  that  way  of
practicing  that , the only  way  back  to that  is to once  again  summon  this  heroic  level  of concentration 
and continuity  of mindfulness .
[00:15:47.680]
And what  non  dual  paths  of practice  have  understood  is that  there  really  is a fundamental  illusion  to
cut through  there . It really  is not the case  that  you need  massive , sustained  concentration  to get to
this experience  of of unity  or non  duality . In fact , it's already  the case  in every  moment  of
consciousness  and  consciousness  itself  doesn't  feel  like a a centre  in the head . It doesn't  feel  like a
spotlight  of attention  being  aimed  at its objects . There  is no self  in the head  or thinker  of thoughts .
[00:16:29.440]
There's  just  this  open  condition  in which  everything  is appearing  and  it can  be recognised  as such 
directly . And  so it's that  that  recognition  that  really  is is the starting  point  of non  dual  practice  practice
like Dzogchen . And  and  really , you can't  begin  practicing  it until  you recognize  that , that  this  is the way
consciousness  already  is. But once  you do, then  your  your  mindfulness  becomes  synonymous  with 
that recognition . So what  you become  mindful  of thereafter  is not the breath  or sounds  or anything 
else.
[00:17:04.780]
Persay , though  your  you may  in fact  be aware  of the breath  or sounds  or whatever  happens  to be
appearing . What  you become  mindful  of is that  there's  no subject  in the middle  of consciousness . The
practice  itself  becomes  simply  familiarizing  yourself  with  this  intrinsic  property  of consciousness  that
you basically  had  spent  every  moment  of your  life overlooking , you know , prior  to learning  how  to
practice  in that  way . And  so that  that  is the difference . I mean , again , it's somewhat  paradoxical  to
talk about  and  can  be confusing  to many  people , but I think  most  people  realize  that , you know ,
whether  they're  trying  to meditate  or not, they  do feel  like a subject .
[00:17:49.000]
They  don't  feel  identical  to their  experience . They  feel  like they're  at the centre  of their  experience .
They're  having  an experience . They're . Operating  it from  a place  in the head , and  that's  the central 
illusion  that  is cut through  in nonwar  practice . Thanks  so so we briefly  discussed  the when  and  how and you mentioned  the why  to curiosity , as I understood  and  also  mentioned  to try and  live a better 
life. Can  you say a little  bit more  why  you continue  to to meditate  and  what  are your  current  favorite 
exercises ?
[00:18:30.970]
Well , so the y there  are really  two  Ys, which  can  be more  or less  important  for people . I mean , the
most  common  Y though , the Y that  is certainly  advocated  by the Buddhist  tradition  generally  isn't 
really  intellectual  curiosity . It's much  more  a matter  of overcoming  suffering . We all feel  unhappy  to
one another  degree  in our lives . And  it's not to say that  happiness  doesn't  come , but it also  goes . You 
just can't  stay  joyful  all the time .
[00:19:05.830]
And if you just  wait  long  enough , you'll  feel  frustrated  and  annoyed  and  angry  and  sad  and  fearful  and 
just that's  there's  a lot of psychological  pain  that  most  of us experience  fairly  regularly . And 
meditation  is offered  as a as a method  of having  some  fundamental  insights  into  that  process  such 
that you don't  keep  suffering  to the same  degree  and  in all the ordinary  ways . And  it certainly  holds 
out the promise  that  it might  be possible  in some  sense  not to suffer  at all, to actually  fully  escape  the
logic  by which  you tend  to make  yourself  miserable .
[00:19:52.120]
And it has  a lot to do with  with  having  insight  into  the the nature  of thought  itself  and  breaking  one's 
identification  with  thought  I was . So much  of our psychological  suffering  is mediated  by our thinking 
about  the past  and  the future . And  in failing  to connect  with  the present  because  we're  thinking  so
much  and  not noticing  that  were  lost  in thought . So my motivation , while  it was  always  somewhat 
intellectual  as well , it certainly  was  primarily  about  living  a better  life in the sense  of just  not suffering 
unnecessarily .
[00:20:29.680]
I mean , just  actually  being  happier , recovering  from  the ordinary  collisions  in life that  cause 
psychological  pain , you know , recovering  more  quickly . And  I think  that  certainly  is the most  common 
motivation . And , you know , for me, you know , both  of these  motivations  continue . What's  changed  for
me is that  it's not so much  a sense  of practicing . Deliberately  anymore , I mean , you know , I do sit and 
meditate , but it's much  more  a sense  of always  practicing  in that  my moment  to moment  experience 
is always  being  punctuated  by, you know , what  I would  call meditation .
[00:21:09.100]
And, you know , what  would  qualify  as meditation  if I happen  to be, you know , formally  in a session  of
meditation , which  is to say a recognition  of the way  consciousness  is and  it happens  automatically ,
you know , it doesn't  happen  all the time . It's you know , I spend  a an impressive  amount  of time  still
lost in thought . But when  I'm not lost  in thought , the thing  that  I become  aware  of is this  non  duality  of
subject  and  object  in consciousness .
[00:21:40.280]
Figure  and  ground  have  flipped  here  a little  bit, which  is in the beginning  I was  trying  to get to this 
experience  and  meditation  was  a formal  attempt  to do that . Initially  I was  it was  haphazard  and  then  I
was doing  it more  or less  on demand . But now  there's  much  more  of a sense  of this  is the way 
consciousness  is and  much  of normal  life is my inadvertently  overlooking  that . But when  I'm when  I
no longer  overlook  it, you know , in any given  moment , it is what  you know , what  I'm restored  to.
[00:22:18.380]
It no longer  feels  like a practice  of any kind . In fact , it's you know , when  one  is actually  really 
meditating , one  isn't  doing  something . One  is doing  less  than  one  normally  does , you know , is simply 
the absence  of distraction . You  know , once  you know  what  to pay attention  to, it is simply  the
absence  of being  lost  in thought  for that  moment . Mm  hmm . And  you were  you suffering  as an 18
year  old, were  you in a crisis  that  decade  of dropouts  was ?
[00:22:52.620]What's  your  personal  story  there ?
[00:22:56.160]
Well , I had  had  many  experiences  of intense  suffering , you know , but a completely  ordinary , nothing 
extraordinary , just  completely  ordinary  sorts  of suffering  that  people  experience  in life. But I had  had 
them  as a teenager , you know , when  I was  13, my best  friend  died  when  I was  17. My father  died  when
I was  18. Just  proximate  to this  experience  with  MDMA . My girlfriend  had  broken  up with  me in
college  and  her freshman  year . You  know , these  are very  ordinary  experiences .
[00:23:30.390]
I mean , some  people  don't  have  anyone  die until  they're  a little  bit older  than  I was . But if you just  you
just wait  around , you know , people  are going  to start  dying  on you. And  so, you know , I was  not living 
in a civil  war  or I mean , it was  really  there  was  nothing  unusual  happening  in my life. I had  a very  lucky 
life at that  point , all things  considered . But, you know , those  experiences  hit me really  hard .
[00:23:58.720]
I was  really  unhappy , for instance , after  my girlfriend  broke  up with  me in college , you know , I was 
probably  in some  kind  of clinical  state  of depression  for several  months  after  that . I was  not myself ,
and it was  because  I was  thinking  incessantly  about  what  I had  lost . Right . And  I just  I was  meditating 
on loss  and  loneliness  and  grief  and  had  absolutely  no insight  into  this  process . I mean , I was  just  a
mere  puppet  being  blown  around  by whatever  this  next  train  of thought  would  be.
[00:24:39.720]
Right . And  that's  everyone's  condition . I mean , if you if you do not see an alternative  to being 
identified  with  the next  linguistic  or imagistic  appearance  in your  mind , I mean , the next  emotionally 
laden  statement  that , you know , seems  to appear  in the voice  of your  own  mind , you know , whether 
it's self  judgment  or something  that  produces  anxiety  or something  that  produces  sadness  over  a
loss you've  suffered . If there's  no space  around  this  automaticity  of thought , there's  no alternative  but
to be living  out the emotional  implications  of whatever  the thought  happens  to be.
[00:25:21.660]
And most  of us most  of the time  have  at best  mediocre  thoughts . We're  not tending  to tell ourselves  a
story  about  how  good  life is, how  grateful  we are for all that  we have , how  beautiful  the people  in our
lives  are, and  how  lucky  we are to be with  them . I mean , you can  decide  to shape  your  thoughts  along 
very deliberately  wholesome  lines  that  will will improve  your  mood . And  that's  a totally  useful  practice 
that is, you know , very  much  supportive  of mindfulness .
[00:25:59.430]
And these  are the practices  we're  talking  about . But most  of us don't  tend  to do that  automatically .
Most  of us think  about  all of our disappointments . We notice  everything  that's  wrong . We have  a long 
list of things  we wish  would  happen . So we tend  to be captured  by a story  of deficiency . Right . Things 
are not yet good  enough . And  we're  telling  ourselves  a story  that  if only  we could  change  these  things 
about  our lives , if only  I could  get another  girlfriend , right .
[00:26:32.280]
If only  I could  meet  somebody . That  was  almost  certainly  a story  I was  telling  myself  at that  point . Or
if only  I could  get back  to the girlfriend  who  broke  up with  me. That  self  talk  seems  to promise 
something  which  proves  to be a mirage . This  idea  that  if we could  only  arrange  our lives  perfectly ,
there  would  be a good  enough  reason  for attention  to truly  rest  in the present  moment  and  be
satisfied . But unless  you have  a mind  that  is capable  of that , that's  not what  happens .
[00:27:03.090]
I mean , you get what  you want  and  you find  that  you simply  want  other  things  at that  point . And  again ,
your  your  happiness  appears  to be contingent  upon  satisfying  those  desires . I'm not saying  it's not
better  to get what  you want  than  to have  just  one  disappointment  after  the next . I mean , yes, there 
ordinary  sources  of pleasure  and  happiness  in this  life, but none  of them  are durable  sources  of
happiness . All of these  contingent  sources  of happiness  need  to be continually  propped  up by ourefforts .
[00:27:35.220]
They  all tend  to degrade . And , you know , you accomplish  one  goal  and  no matter  how . Wonderful  an
experience  it is to do that , you know , it doesn't  take  15 minutes  before  people  are asking  you, you
know , what  are you going  to do next ? Right . I mean , nothing  nothing  gets  finely  banked  as the
foundation  upon  which  you can  rest  and  be happy , you know , every  moment  thereafter . So meditation 
is the practice  of understanding  something  about  the mechanics  of this  dissatisfaction  and  the
search  for happiness  and  to deliberately  step  off the hamster  wheel  here .
[00:28:15.100]
I'm interested  to see that , you know , if you're  running  on this  wheel  on some  level , you're  not not
getting  anywhere . And  the only  way  to truly  come  to rest  is to step  off it. That  resonates  with  my own 
experience . You  mentioned  your  crisis , losing  your  best  friend , your  father  girlfriend  seems  quite  often
the case  that  that  we we seem  that  seemingly  need  these  difficult  moments  to go and  discover  things
like like meditation . It's also  what  I see in my outpatient  clinics .
[00:28:53.950]
And maybe  that's  a pity. People  actually  tell me. It's it's it's a pity. I had , you know , I had  this  burnout  or
depression  or whatever , and  I wished  I would  have  discovered  meditation  before  that .
[00:29:11.800]
So so strangely , it's something  that  is I think  also  maybe  with  your  community  and  your  app  is
something  that  you most  often  hear  that  people  come  to this  because  they  they  don't  feel  or go well .
And maybe  we should  invest  more  in in prevention  and  talk  about  this  before  we we. What  do you
think  about  that ?
[00:29:40.860]
Again , it is difficult  to talk  about  because  it is somewhat  paradoxical . I mean , this  is the the line one 
continually  walks  in describing  meditation  and  its benefits  because  it's not that  nothing  else  matters .
Right . It's not that  there  aren't  ordinary  requisites  for happiness  that  you want  to recommend  to
people . I mean , yet, yes, it is good  to have  good  relationships  being  integrated  in the community  and 
having  people  you love  and  who  love  you, who  can  support  you and  who  you in turn  support .
[00:30:16.180]
I mean , you know , all of that  is for most  people , most  of the time , a necessary  component  of being  a
happy  person . And  yet there  is an illusion  here . It's not stable . And  all of that  is made  better  by
discovering . That  the true  foundation  for psychological  well-being  doesn't  rest  on even  those 
relationships , to have  the best  relationship , to have  the best  marriage  on some  level , you really  need 
to already  be happy . You  need  to bring  into  that  relationship  not your  need  for companionship , but
your  ability  to simply  love  the other  person .
[00:31:00.190]
Right . It's not transactional . It's not a love  you. If you love  me, it's you're  already  happy  and  you deeply 
want  happiness  for this  other  person . You're  not extracting  something  from  them  for your  own 
benefit , though . You  are getting  a lot of benefit  by being  with  them . But you're  already , you know , the
center  of gravity  of your  well-being  is already , you know , over  your  own  feet  to me, where  you stand ,
you're  not leaning  into  them  in a way  that  that  makes  the whole  enterprise  precarious .
[00:31:35.230]
But again , this  is paradoxical  because  I wouldn't  want  to say that  it's not important  to have  the other 
person , but there's  no question  that  relationships  get healthier  and  healthier  the more  you on some 
level  can  be just  as happy  when  you're  alone  in a room , when  the one  you love  leaves  the room , you
know , you're  not diminished  by that . And  there's  kind  of two  levels  at which  we can  seek  wellbeing .
And, you know , one  level  is to continue  to do all the things  that  that  matter  or seem  to matter  for most
people  most  of the time .[00:32:10.780]
So, yes, it's better  to be healthy  than  sick . It's better  to be comfortable  than  uncomfortable . It's better 
to to have  financial  resources  than  to not have  them  in. All of these  things  remain  true . And  yet the
deeper  truth  is you're  only  going  to be as happy  as you can  be based  on what  you're  doing  with  your 
attention  in each  moment . And  if you're  just  habitually  lost  in thought  and  thinking , you know , crappy 
thoughts  about  what  has  happened  to you on social  media , you know , whatever  your  the actual 
character  of your  life, you're  not in a position  to enjoy  it.
[00:32:47.140]
And it is, in fact , also  true  that  there  are people  whose  minds  are such  that  they  can  be deeply  happy ,
even  in conditions  that  would  drive  most  people  totally  crazy . You  know , I have  studied  with  people 
who  spent , you know , decades  in caves  just  meditating  right  now . You  put the average  person  in a
cave  and  separated  him  or her from  everything  they  they  want  out of life and  everything  they  love  in
this world . And  they'll  go insane  and  they'll  go insane  based  on an inability  to pay attention  in a very 
specific  way .
[00:33:25.660]
You know , again , this  there's  something  paradoxical  here , but it's the paradox  is resolved  by our doing 
both  sets  of of wise  things  simultaneously .
[00:33:38.020]
You want  to have  a good  life. You  want  to do work , you find  meaningful . You  want  to participate  in the
world  in ways  that  are fun and  creative  and  connect  you to other  people . And  you want  to recognize 
this thing  about  the nature  of your  own  mind . In my book , I argue  for meditation  courses  in school ,
maybe  just  the way  we have  specific  teachers  teaching , you know , getting  physical  education , and  it's
important  to take  care  of our body .
[00:34:14.430]
But I feel  we neglect  the emotional  well-being  in our educational  system . There's  wonderful  things 
happening , but but nothing  structurally , at least  not in Europe . But I don't  think  it's the case  in the
States  that  still education  is very  much  about  acquiring  knowledge  and  maybe  we could  and  should 
do better .
[00:34:39.810]
What's  what's  your  opinion  on that ?
[00:34:43.440]
Yeah , yeah . There's  something  my wife  Arnica  has  focused  on a lot. She's  taught  mindfulness  in
schools  in both  the school  that  my daughters  go to and  other  schools  for some  years . And  yeah , it's
amazing  you kids  can  really  learn  this . I think  probably  six years  old. This  is about  the earliest  that  you
can profitably  start . But yeah , I mean , kids  can  learn  to initially  simply  become  more  aware  of what 
they're  feeling , you know , six year  old who  can  recognize  specific  emotions  clearly  and  see how  they 
motivate  him  or her to behave  in certain  ways .
[00:35:26.640]
That's  an amazing  skill  to teach . And  I mean , it's the first  step  toward  the primary  value  of living 
unexamined  life that , you know , is so central  to Western  philosophy  for, you know , at least  a thousand 
years  or so. And  then  we we lost  it in the West . I mean , this  is why  so many  people  like myself  have 
gravitated  toward  Eastern  traditions  to at least  initially , to learn  these  techniques , because  the value 
of wisdom , wisdom , as opposed  to mere  knowledge  is something  that  it's not, that  it ever  completely 
disappeared  in the West , but it got genuinely  submerged  by other  priorities .
[00:36:10.770]
And it certainly  has  been  the case  for now  centuries , that  if you're  a Western  philosopher , that  carries 
absolutely  no implication  that  you're  doing  something  that  entails  living  a better  life. Right . I mean ,
there's  there  need  be no connection  between  philosophy  and  wellbeing  or living  an ethical  life, being  a
benign  person  at a minimum  in this  world . And  so you can  have  some  of the great  philosophers  of theWestern  canon  who  were  just , you know , all mighty  neurotics  and , you know , toxic  people .
[00:36:49.920]
And that  says  nothing  derogatory  about  their  philosophy . Right . So you have  someone  like Nietzsche 
or Schopenhauer . I mean , just , you know , Schopenhauer  through  his housekeeper  down  a flight  of
stairs . Wittgenstein , who  just , you know , beat  pupils  and  treat  his colleagues  terribly . These  are not
people  to emulate  in terms  of how  they  lived  their  lives . Obviously , each  of these  were  brilliant  men 
and can  be profitably  read  for their  thoughts  about  other  topics . But there  was  an important 
bifurcation  between  what  philosophy  became  in the West  and  its original  purpose , which  was  to
understand  something  about  the nature  of being  in the world  such  that  it transforms  your  capacities 
as a person  had  and  transforms  the actual  moment  to moment  texture  of your  life.
[00:37:46.920]
So we have  largely  lost  that  day. So I think  the fact  that  even  now  it's really  an afterthought , you know ,
or we're  just  it's a as a kind  of new  discovery  that  maybe  we should  be teaching  children  something 
about  how  to be such  that  they  become  happier , wiser , more  ethical  people . And  I think  that's  the
most  important  project  we have . And  it seems  strange  that  we don't  even  discuss  it for the most  part 
at any point  in our education  system , and  then  just  rely on people  to figure  it out for themselves  once 
they  become  grownups .
[00:38:29.350]
Absolutely . It strikes  me even  more  as a caregiver , I'm supposed  to take  care  of others , but actually 
throughout  my studies  at University  Medical  School  and  then  and  specializing  in neurology , never ,
ever  have  learned  anything  about  taking  care  of myself  and  listening  to my own  emotions . And  in we
know  caregivers  are at risk for burnout .
[00:38:58.090]
I have  two  colleagues  who  committed  suicide . We know  this  for such  a long  time  and  still so little  is
happening , structurally  speaking , in our faculty  and  our educational  system .
[00:39:09.950]
So, yeah , yeah , there's  another  point  there , which  is, you know , we've  all met  doctors  who  are, you
know , maybe  brilliant  physicians , certainly , in my experience , been  recommended  to me as brilliant 
physicians  who  have  terrible  bedside  manners . They're  in, in no sense , a healing  presence  as a
person . And  so you're  coming  to them  essentially  for their  their  expertise  as physicians , you know , as,
you know , diagnosticians  or, you know , people  who  could  recommend  a course  of treatment  or they 
might  be brilliant  surgeons .
[00:39:48.710]
Right . So this  is actually  the pair  of hands  you want  operating  if it comes  to that . But, you know , these 
are people  who  are just  on some  level  canceling , uh, you know , whatever  healing  benefits  there  might 
be of actually  connecting  with  a wise  and  compassionate  physician  because  of who  they  seem  to be,
you know , in their  own  skins  as people , you know , I don't  know  what  they  teach  in medical  school 
about  how  to be with  patients .
[00:40:17.800]
But, you know , obviously , the profession  of being  a doctor  selects  for a range  of personality  types .
And I'm sure  that  the various  specialties  further  select . Right . So it's you're  somewhat  at the mercy  of
the personality  that  shows  up there . And  again , yeah , it's it would  be better  if there  was  a more  holistic
understanding  of just  what  it means  to be in that  role . Right . Because  it's the I mean , you're  dealing 
again  and  I'm not speaking  from  experience .
[00:40:47.500]
I'm really  just  speaking  as a consumer  of medicine . But, you know , depending  on what  specialty  you're
in, you're  encountering  people  very  often  in the most  vulnerable , anxiety  ridden , you know , or even 
grief  stricken  moments  of their  lives . And  it matters  what  sort  of person  you are in those  moments .[00:41:08.080]
Absolutely . In in my field  of expertise , seeing  patients  after  coma  and  their  families  and  a lot of people
die. Yeah , it is a big challenge  to do the job with  with  empathy  and  compassion . And  as you said , we
were  not selected  for that . We had  no particular  courses . And  that  is that  is a pity. Speaking  of that ,
and in my job, again , I see that  on a daily  basis . And  how  did meditation  change  your  relationship  with 
death ?
[00:41:44.150]
Well , you know , it's it's certainly  traditional  to frame  the project  of meditation , a spiritual  practice ,
generally  contemplative  practice , very  much  in the context  of getting  ready  to die on some  level . Like 
this is part  of the the explicit  project , which  is, you know , death  is inevitable . And  we spend  most  of
our lives  by default , you know , materially  avoiding  it for obvious  reasons , but also  avoiding  thinking 
about  it. I mean , this  is the whole  notion  of death  denial , which  I think  has  a lot to it.
[00:42:27.530]
And there  was  a wonderful  book  by that  title , The  Denial  of Death  by Ernest  Becker . We try to distract 
ourselves  from  this  ever  present  reality , and  many  of us managed  to do that  rather  well . I mean , there 
are people  who  don't  think  about  death  all that  much  because  they're  they're  so busy  trying  to have  a
good  time  in life. And  I mean , I would  say that , you know , by tendency , I've always  been  a person  who 
who  has  not been  able  to forget  about  death  for very  long .
[00:42:57.260]
You know , this  is probably  due  to the fact  that  I did lose  a few  people  close  to me, you know , fairly 
early  on. So, you know , it was  always  obvious  to me or at least , you know , from  13 onward , it was 
quite  obvious  to me that  this  was  a reality  and  this  could  happen  at any time . There  are no guarantees
that you're  going  to live a long  life. And  so it's something  that  I've always  kept  in front  of me as a fact .
[00:43:22.650]
I mean , I think  more  than . Than  the average  person  and  meditation  is is a further  way  of doing  that , I
mean , it's a way  of extracting  the wisdom  of doing  that  rather  than  than  merely  being  made  morbid  by
one's  awareness  of death  is a method  of recognizing  just  how  much  there  is to be grateful  for. You 
haven't  died  yet. Your  life is right  here  to be enjoyed , and  it can  only  be enjoyed  by you right  in this 
corner  of the universe  that  is illuminated  where  you sit, you know , only  you get to make  the most  of
that and  how  you pay attention  to it.
[00:44:04.210]
It really  is that  the most  important  piece  of that ? I mean , it's not really  making  the most  of it isn't  in the
end radically  changing . What  is already  the case  there  means  it's really  being  able  to sink  into  the
experience  of being  in the world  more  and  more  and  enjoy  it and  enjoy  it in relationship  to other 
people , enjoy  it in relationship  to the the natural  beauty  of the world , enjoy  it by behaving  more  and 
more  ethically . Enjoy  it by having  better  and  better  intentions  with  respect  to your  collaboration  with 
other  people  and  enjoying  the quality  of mind  born  of those  good  intentions .
[00:44:44.410]
Right . I mean , rather  than  seeing  yourself  in competition  with  others  actually  wanting  other  people  to
succeed  and  feeling  good  when  they  succeed  rather  than  feeling  like your  happiness  has  been 
somehow  diminished  by, you know , someone  got a slice  of the pie that  you wanted . I mean , using  all
of that  to come  to rest  more  and  more  in the present  moment , I really  do see that  as the project  and 
an awareness  of death  is apart  from  just  being  in contact  with  with  reality .
[00:45:15.130]
I mean , this  is coming  for all of us. It is the backstop  that  keeps  you from  just  wasting  all of your  time 
and attention , you know , without  an awareness  of death . I don't  know . I think  it would  be possible  to
just. Distract  yourself  as pleasantly  as you could  muster , always , right , and  have  kind  of no deeper 
priorities , there  really  is something  good  about  being  aware  of death . But unless  you can  find  that  and
use that , it is easy  to just .[00:45:45.950]
Feel like it's it's a source  of of unhappiness . I mean , every  time  you think  about  death , you feel  like, OK,
that's  there's  no place  to linger . And  I just  want  the project  now  is to forget  about  it and . I think  that's  a
a misuse  of the actual  opportunity . You've  referred  a number  of times , too, to the Buddhist  tradition 
and I'll be there . If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam 
Harris  dog .
[00:46:22.450]
You'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only 
content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking
Up app . The  Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can 
subscribe  now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:20.760]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK, so today  I'm bringing  you a
conversation  that  I originally  recorded  for the Waking  Up app  and  we released  it, there's  a series  of
separate  lessons  a couple  of weeks  back , but the response  has  been  such  that  I wanted  to share  it
here  on the podcast  and  put it outside  the paywall . This  seems  like a better  holiday  message  than 
most . As I think  many  of you know , waking  up isn't  just  a meditation  app  at this  point , it's really  the
place  where  I do most  of my thinking  about  what  it means  to live a good  life.
[00:01:00.180]
And this  conversation  is about  generosity  and  about  how  we should  think  about  doing  good  in the
world . Increasingly , I'm looking  to use this  podcast  and  the waking  up app  to do more  than  merely 
spread  what  I consider  to be good  ideas , that's  their  primary  purpose , obviously . But I want  to help 
solve  some  of the worst  problems  we face  more  directly  than  just  talking  about  them . And  I want  to
do this  systematically , really  thinking  through  what  it takes  to save  the most  lives  or reduce  the worst 
suffering  or mitigate  the most  catastrophic  risks .
[00:01:38.580]
And to this  end , I've taken  the pledge  over  it, given  what  we can , which  is the foundation  on effective 
altruism  started  by the philosophers  Will  McCaskill  and  Toby  Ord, both  of whom  have  been  on the
podcast . And  this  pledge  to give  a minimum  of 10 percent  of one's  pre-tax  income  to the most 
effective  charities . I've also  taken  the founder's  pledge , which  amounts  to the same  thing , and  I've had
waking  up become  one  of the first  corporations  to pledge  a minimum  of 10 percent  of its profits  to
charity .
[00:02:09.800]
And the thinking  behind  all of this  is the subject  of today's  podcast . Of course , there  is a bias  against 
speaking  about  this  sort  of thing  in public  or even  in private , right . It's often  believed  that  it's better  to
practice  one's  generosity  anonymously  because  then  you can  be sure  you're  doing  it for the right 
reasons . You're  not trying  to just  burnish  your  reputation . As you'll  hear  in today's  conversation , there 
are very  good  reasons  to believe  that  this  is just  not true  and  that  the imagined  moral  virtue  of
anonymity  is something  we really  need  to rethink .
[00:02:45.340]
In fact , I've just  learned  of the knock  on effects  of the few  times  I have  discussed  my giving  to charity 
on this  podcast  and  their  surprisingly  substantial . Just  to give  you a sense  of it, last  year  I released  an
episode  titled  Knowledge  and  Redemption , where  we discuss  the Bard  Prison  Initiative  based  on the
PBS documentary  that  Lynn  Novick  and  Ken  Burns  did. And  Lynn  was  on that  podcast . And  at the end ,
I think  I asked  you all to consider  supporting  that  work , too.
[00:03:17.650]
And together  we donated  one  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars  based  on that  one  episode  alone .
I've also  occasionally  mentioned  on the podcast  that  I donate  each  month  to the Against  Malaria 
Foundation  and  was  actually  my first  podcast  conversation  with  Wil MacAskill  that  convinced  me to
do that . I do through  the charity  evaluator  give  well , Doug  well , the good  people  to give  well , just  told 
me that  they've  received  over  five hundred  thousand  dollars  in donations  from  you guys  and  they 
expect  another  five hundred  thousand  dollars  over  the next  year  from  podcast  listeners  who  have  set
up their  donations  on a recurring  basis .
[00:03:55.690]
So that's  one  million  dollars  and  many  lives  saved  just  as a result  of some  passing  comments  I've
made  on the podcast . And  then  I've heard  from  Wil McCaskill's  people  over  it, given  what  we can 
wear , I took  their  10 percent  pledge , which  I haven't  spoken  about  much , but it seems  that  hundreds 
of you have  also  taken  that  pledge , again , unsolicited  by me, but specifically  attributing  this  podcast 
and the waking  up app  as the reason  that's  hundreds  of people , some  of whom  may  be quite  wealthy 
or will become  wealthy , who  have  now  publicly  pledged  to give  a minimum  of 10 percent  of their  pre-
tax income  to the most  effective  charities  every  year  for the rest  of their  lives .[00:04:47.450]
That  is awesome . So all of this  inspired  me to share  this  conversation  from  the waking  up app , again ,
this is a fairly  structured  conversation  with  the philosopher  Wil MacAskill . Some  of you may 
remember  the conversation  I had  with  Will  four  years  ago  on the podcast  that  was  episode  number 
44. And  that's  a great  companion  to today's  episode  because  it gets  into  some  of the fundamental 
issues  of ethics  here . Today's  conversation  is much  more  focused  on the actions  we can  all take  to
make  the world  better .
[00:05:20.260]
And how  we should  think  about  doing  that  Will  and  I challenge  some  old ideas  around  giving  and  we
discuss  why  they're  really  not very  good  ideas  in the end . You'll  also  hear  that  there's  still a lot of
moral  philosophy  to be done  in this  area . I don't  think  these  issues  are fully  worked  out at all, and 
that's  really  exciting . There's  a lot to talk  about  here  and  there's  something  for moral  philosophers  to
actually  do that  might  really  matter  to the future  of our species .
[00:05:49.440]
In particular , I think  there's  a lot of work  to be done  on the ethics  of wealth  inequality , both  globally 
and within  the wealthiest  societies  themselves , and  I'm sure  I will do many  more  podcasts  on this 
topic . I suspect  that  wealth  inequality  is producing  much , if not most , of our political  conflict  at this 
point . And  it certainly  determines  what  we do with  our resources . So I think  it's one  of the most 
important  topics  of our time  anyway , Will  and  I cover  a lot here , including  how  to choose  causes  to
support  and  how  best  to think  about  choosing  a career  so as to do the most  good  over  the course  of
one's  life.
[00:06:27.120]
The question  that  underlies  all of this  really  is how  can  we live a morally  beautiful  life, which  is more 
and more  what  I care  about , in which  the young  will McCaskill  is certainly  doing , as you will hear .
Finally , I want  to again  recognize  all of you who  have  made  these  donations  and  pledges , as well  as
the many  of you who  have  been  supporting  my work  these  many  years , and  also  the many  of you who 
have  become  subscribers  to the podcast  in the last  year .
[00:06:58.020]
I couldn't  be doing  any of these  things  without  you. And  I certainly  look  forward  to what  we're  going  to
do next . Twenty  twenty  one  should  be an interesting  here . So my deep  thanks  to all of you. And  now  I
bring  you well , MacAskill . I am here  with  Wil MacAskill . Well , thanks  for joining  me again . Thanks  so
much  for having  me on. So I just  posted  a conversation  and  you and  I had  four  years  ago  on my
podcast , Anta  waking  up as well , because  I thought  it was  such  a useful  introduction  to many  of the
issues  we're  going  to talk  about .
[00:07:39.230]
And it's a different  conversation  because  we got into  very  interesting  questions  of moral  philosophy 
that I think  we probably  won't  focus  on here . So it just  seems  like a great  background  for the series  of
lessons  we're  now  going  to sketch  out in a conversation . But for those  who  have  not taken  the time  to
listen  to that  just  yet, maybe  we should  summarize  your  background  here . Who  are you? Well , and 
how  do you come  to have  any opinion  about  altruism , generosity  and  what  it means  to live a good 
life?
[00:08:10.310]
Give  us your  potted  bio.
[00:08:12.230]
So, yeah , my potted  bio. So I grew  up in Glasgow  and  I was  always  interested  in two  things . One  was 
kind  of ideas  and  then  in particular  philosophy  when  I discovered  that  and  second  was  interested  in
helping  people . So as a teenager , I volunteered  running  summer  camps  for children  with  who 
impoverished  and  had  disabilities .
[00:08:34.490]I worked  at kind  of old folks  home , but then  it was  when  I came  across  the arguments  of Peter  Singer 
in particular , his arguments  that  we have  the moral  obligation  to be giving  away  most  of our income 
to help  people  in very  poor  countries  simply  because  such  a move  would  not be a great  burden  on us.
[00:08:53.090]
It would  be a financial  sacrifice , but not an enormous  sacrifice  in terms  of our quality  of life, but could 
make  an enormous  difference  for hundreds  of people  around  the world . That  moved  me very  much .
But kind  of being  human , I didn't  really  do very  much  on the basis  of those  arguments  for many  years 
until  I came  to Oxford , met  another  philosophical , Toby  Ord, who  has  actually  very  similar  ideas  and 
was planning  to give  away  most  of his income  over  the course  of his life.
[00:09:20.270]
And together  we set up an organisation  called  Giving  What  We Can , which  encourage  people  to give 
at least  10 percent  of their  income  to those  organisations . They  think  that  can  do the most  good .
Sam , I know  that  you have  now  taken  that  10 percent  pledge , and  I'm delighted  that  that's  the case .
And since  then , this  kind  of set of ideas  that  we're  really  just  to, you know , very  impractical  philosophy ,
grad  students  kind  of setting  this  up and  not saying , you know , I certainly  never  thought  it was  going 
to be that  big a deal .
[00:09:48.650]
I was  just  doing  it because  I thought  it was  morally  very  important . It turned  out just  a lot of people 
had had  similar  sets  of ideas . And  given  what  we can  act like a bit of a lightning  about  for people  all
around  the world  who  were  motivated  to try to do good , but also  to do it as effectively  as possible ,
because  at the time  we had  a set of recommended  charities , there  was  also  the organisation  Give 
Well  whose  work . We leaned  extremely  heavily  on making  recommendations  about  what  charities 
that they  thought  would  do the most  good  and  effective  altruism  at the time , focused  on charity  in
particular , and  in particular  focused  on doing  good  for people  in extreme  poverty .
[00:10:27.500]
And since  then  it's broadened  out a lot. So now  most  people  in the effective  altruism  community ,
when  they're  trying  to do good , are doing  so via their  career  in particular .
[00:10:37.550]
And there's  a much  broader  range , of course , areas . So animal  welfare  is a big focus . And  in
particular , and  I think  increasing  are issues  that  might  potentially  affect  future  generations  in a really 
big way  and  in particular  kind  of risks  to the future  of civilisation  at all. Toby , he talks  about  when  he
was on your  podcast . And  I have  a factoid  in my memory  which  I think  I got from  your  original 
interview  with  Tim  Ferriss  on his podcast , am I correct  in thinking  that  you were  the youngest 
philosophy  professor  at Oxford ?
[00:11:12.000]
Yes, the precise  fact  is when  I joined  the faculty  at Oxford , which  is age  28, I'm pretty  confident  I was 
the youngest  associate  professor  of philosophy  in the world  at the time .
[00:11:22.590]
Oh, nice . That's  all right . No doubt  your  quickly  aging  out of that  distinction , have  you have  you lost 
your  record  yet?
[00:11:30.100]
Yeah , well , I'm old man  at 33 years  old now , and  I definitely  lost  that  a few  years  ago .
[00:11:35.260]
Well , so it's great  to talk  to you about  these  things  because , you know , as you know , you've  been  very 
influential  in my thinking . You  directly  inspired  me to start  giving  a minimum  of 10 percent  of my
income  to charity  and  also  to commit  waking  up as a company  to give  a minimum  of 10 percent  of its
profits  to charity . But I'm very  eager  to have  this  conversation  because  it still seems  to me there's  a
lot of thinking  yet to do about  how  to approach  doing  good  in the world .[00:12:03.860]
There  may  be some  principles  that  you and  I either  disagree  about  or maybe  we all agree  that  we just 
don't  have  good  enough  intuitions  to have  a strong  opinion  one  way  or another . But it really  just 
seems  to me to be territory  that  can  benefit  from  new  ideas  and  new  intuition  pumps . And  it's just  a
lot to be sorted  out here . And  I think , you know , as I said , we will have  a structured  conversation  here 
which  will break  into  a series  of lessons .
[00:12:31.600]
And so this  is really  an introduction  to the conversation  that's  coming . And  all of this  relates 
specifically  to this  movement . You  started  effective  altruism , and  we'll  get very  clear  about  what  that 
means  and  what  it may  yet mean . But this  does  connect  to deeper  and  broader  questions  like how 
should  we think  about  doing  good  in the world  in general  and  what  would  it mean  to do as much  good
as possible ? And  how  do those  questions  connect  to questions  like what  sort  of person  should  I be or
what  does  it mean  to live a truly  good  life?
[00:13:12.250]
These  are questions  that  lie at the core  of moral  philosophy  and  at the core  of any person's  individual 
attempt  to live and  examined  life and  develop  an ethical  code  and  just  form  a vision  of what  would  be
a good  society . I mean , we're  all personally  attempting  to improve  our lives , but we're  also  trying  to
converge  on a common  picture  of what  it would  mean  for us to be building  a world  that  is making  it
more  and  more  likely  that  humanity  is moving  in the right  direction .
[00:13:48.560]
We have  to have  a concept  of what  the goal  is here  or what  what  a range  of suitable  goals  might  be.
And we have  to have  a concept  of when  we're  wandering  into  moral  error , you know , personally  and 
collectively . So there's  a lot to talk  about  here . And  talking  about  the specific  act of trying  to help 
people  trying  to do good  in the world  really  sharpens  up our sense  of the stakes  here  and  the
opportunities . So I'm really  happy  to be getting  into  this  with  you.
[00:14:19.490]
Before  we get into  what  effective  altruism  is, I think  we should  address  a basic  skepticism  that  people
have  and  even  very  rich  people  have , perhaps  especially  rich  people  have . This  is a skepticism  about 
altruism  itself  and  in particular , skepticism  about  charity . And  I think  there  are some  good  reasons  to
be skeptical  about  charity , at least  in a in a local  context . And  then  there's  some  very  bad  reasons .
And I just  want  to lob you some  of these  these  reasons  and  we can  talk  about  them  because , I mean , I
would  imagine  you've  encountered  this  yourself .
[00:15:00.500] - Sam Harris
I meet  some  very  fortunate  people  who  have  immense  resources  and  can  do a lot of good  in the
world , who  are fundamentally  skeptical  about  giving  to charity . And  the bad  reason  here  that  I always 
encounter  is something  we might  call the myth  of the self-made  man . The  idea  that  there's  some  it's
somehow  an ethically  impregnable  position  to notice  all the ways  in which  you are responsible  for all
of your  good  luck . No matter  how  distorted  this  this  appraisal  might  be. You  weren't  born  into  wealth 
and you made  it all yourself  and  you don't  owe  anyone  anything .
[00:15:42.140] - Sam Harris
And in fact , giving  people  less  fortunate  than  yourself , any of the resources  you've  acquired  is not
really  helping  them  in the end . I mean , you want  to teach  people  to fish , but you don't  want  to give 
them  fish . There's  some  Ayn  Rand  an ethic  of radical  selfishness  combined  with  a vision  of
capitalism  that , you know , wherein  free  markets  can  account  for, you know , every  human  problem 
simply  by all of us behaving  like atomized  selves , seeking  our own  our own  happiness .
[00:16:14.180] - Sam Harris
We will be no surprise  to people  who  listen  to me that  I think  there's  something  deeply  flawed  in this 
analysis . But what  do you do when  someone  hits  you with  this  ethical  argument  that  they're  self-made
and everyone  should  aspire  to also  pull themselves  up by their  own  bootstraps ? And  we falsify something  about  the project  of living  a good  life by even  thinking  in terms  of altruism  and  charity .
[00:16:42.360] - Will MacAskill
I think  there's  a few  things  to say here . So in the first  case , the fact  that  you're  a self-made  man , I
mean , I do disagree  with  the premise .
[00:16:51.930] - Will MacAskill
I can  predict  80 percent  of the of the information  about  your  income  just  from  your  place  of birth ,
whereas , you know , you could  be the hardest  working  Bangladeshi  in the world . But if you're  born  into 
extreme  poverty  in Bangladesh , it's going  to be very  difficult  indeed  to become  a billionaire . So I agree 
with  you that  that's  a myth . But even  if we accepted  that , the fact  that  you have  rightly  earned  your 
money  yourself  doesn't  mean  that  you don't  have  any obligations  to help  other  people .
[00:17:20.160] - Will MacAskill
So Peter  Singer' s now  very  famous  thought  experiment . You  walk  past  a pond , it's a very  shallow 
pond , you could  easily  kind  of wade  in as deep  as you, as deep  as you like. And  you can  see that 
there's  a child  standing  there  now , perhaps  it's the case  that  you have  an entirely  self-made  man ,
perhaps  it's the case  that  the suit  that  you wore , you just  bought  yourself . But that  seems  neither  here 
nor there  with  respect  to whether  you ought  to try and  wade  in and  save  this  child  who  might  be
drowning .
[00:17:52.160] - Will MacAskill
And I think  that's  just  quite  an intuitive  position . In fact , this  ideal  of self- actualization  of kind  of being 
the best  version  of yourself  that  you can  be, which  is the kind  of admirable  version  of this  otherwise 
sometimes  quite  dark  perspective  on the world . I think  there  is like part  of being  a self- actualized ,
authentically  living  person  is living  up to your  ideals  and  principles .
[00:18:15.920] - Will MacAskill
And for most  people  in the world , you actually  want  to be helpful . Altruistic  person  acting  in that  way 
is acting  in accordance  with  your  deepest  values . That  is acting  an authentic  inner  self- actualized  life.
[00:18:27.680] - Will MacAskill
And then  just  on the second  point  is about  whether , well , maybe  charity  gets  in the way . Maybe  it's
actually  harmful  because  it makes  people  rely on bailouts . Well , here  we've  got to just  think  about , you
know , there  is market  failure  where  in the case  of public  goods  or externalities , markets  don't  do what 
they  ought  to do.
[00:18:50.150] - Will MacAskill
And perhaps  you want  government  to step  in and  provide  police  or defence  and  street  lights  or taxes 
against  climate  change . And  even  the most  kind  of hardcore  libertarian  free  market  proponent  should 
accept  that's  a good  thing  to do sometimes . But then  there's  also  cases  of Democratic  failure , too. So
what  if the potential  people  are not protected  by a functioning  democratic  governments ? That's  true 
for people  in poor  countries.  That' s true for  non-human  animals . That's  true  for people  who  are yet to
be born , people  who  don't  have  a vote  the  future  generations  are disenfranchised .
[00:19:24.590] - Will MacAskill
So we shouldn't  expect  markets  or government  to be taking  appropriate  care  of those  individuals  who
are disenfranchised  by both  the market  and  by even  democratic  institutions . And  so what  else  is there
apart  from  philanthropy ?
[00:19:38.500] - Sam Harris
Yeah . Yeah . So I've spoken  to a lot about  the myth  of the self-made  man . Whenever  I criticize , the
notion  of free  will is just  obvious  that  however  self-made  you are, you didn't  create  the tools  by which 
you made  yourself  right . So if you are incredibly  intelligent  or have  an immense  capacity  for effort , you
didn't  create  any of that  about  yourself .
[00:20:03.180] - Sam HarrisObviously , you didn't  pick  your  parents  who  didn't  pick  your  genes . You  didn't  pick  the environmental 
influences  that  determined  every  subsequent  state  of your  brain . Right . You  didn't  create  yourself . You
won  some  sort  of lottery  there . But as will you point  out, where  you were  born  also  was  a major 
variable  in your  success . Very  likely  you didn't  create  the good  luck  not to be born  in the middle  of a
civil war  in a place  like Congo  or Syria  or anywhere  else , which  would  be hostile  to, you know , many  of
the things  you now  take  for granted .
[00:20:37.250] - Sam Harris
So there's  something , frankly , obscene  about  not being  sensitive  to those  disparities . And  as you
point  out, living  a good  life and  being  the sort  of person  you are right  to want  to be has  to entail  some 
basic  awareness  of those  facts  and  a compassionate  impulse  to make  life better  for people  who  are
much  less  fortunate  than  we are. I mean , it's just  if your  vision  of who  you want  to be doesn't  include 
being  connected  to the rest  of humanity  and  having  compassion  be part  of the the operating  system 
that oriented  toward  the shocking  suffering  of other  people , even  when  it becomes  proximate .
[00:21:28.940] - Sam Harris
You know , even  when  you're  walking  past  Singer's  Shallow  Pond  and  you see someone  drowning , you
know , we have  a we have  a word  for that  orientation . And  it's sociopathy  or psychopathy . It's a false 
ethic  to be so inured  to the suffering  of of other  people  that  you can  just  decide  to kind  of close  your 
accounts  without  even  having  to pay attention  to it. And , you know , all under  the rubric  of being  self-
made . But, you know , none  of this  is to deny  that  in many  cases  things  are better  accomplished  by
business  than  by charity .
[00:22:05.330] - Sam Harris
Right . Or by government  than  by charity . So we're  not denying  any of that . I happen  to think  that 
building  electric  cars  that  people  actually  want  to drive , you know , may  be the biggest  contribution  to
fighting  climate  change , or certainly  one  of them  and  maybe  better  than  many  environmental  charities
or managed  to muster . I mean , so that  there's  a there  are different  levers  to pull here  to effect  change 
in the world . But what  also  can't  be denied  is that  there  are cases  where  giving  some  of our resources
to people  or to causes  that  need  them  more  than  we do is the very  essence  of what  it means  to do
good  in the world  that  can't  be disputed .
[00:22:43.790] - Sam Harris
And the Singer's  Shallow  Pond  sharpens  it up with  a cartoon  example . But it's really  not such  a
cartoon  when  you think  about  the world  we're  living  in and  how  much  information  we now  have  and 
how  much  agency  we now  have  to affect  the lives  of other  people . I mean , we're  not isolated  the way 
people  were  200  years  ago . And  it is uncontroversial  to say that  anyone  who  would  walk  past  a pond 
and decline  to save  a drowning  child  out of concern  for his new  shoes  or his new  suit , that  person  is a
moral  monster , and  none  of us want  to be that  sort  of person .
[00:23:21.740]
And what's  more , we're  right  to not want  to be that  sort  of person .
[00:23:25.910]
But given  our interconnectedness  and  given  how  much  information  we now  have  about  the disparities
in luck  in this  world , we have  to recognize  that  though  we're  conditioned  to act as though  people  at a
distance  from  us, both  in space  and  in time , matter  less  than  people  who  are near  at hand . If it was 
ever  morally  defensible , it's becoming  less  defensible  because  the distance  is shrinking . We simply 
have  too much  information . So that's  there's  just  so many . Ponds  that  are in view  right  now  and  a
response  to that  is, I think , morally  important , but in our last  conversation , Will , you made  a distinction 
that I think  is very  significant  and  it provides  a much  better  framing  for thinking  about  doing  good .
[00:24:12.960]
And it was  a distinction  between  obligation  and  opportunity . The  obligation  is Singer's  shallow  pond 
argument . You  see a child  drowning . You  really  do have  a moral  obligation  to save  that  child  or that 
there's  just  no way  to maintain  your  sense  that  you're  a good  person  if you don't . And  then  he forces 
us to recognize  that  really  we stand  in that  same  relation  to many  other  causes , no matter  how  distantwe imagine  them  to be. But you favor  the the opportunity  framing  of racing  in to save  children  from  a
burning  house .
[00:24:49.470]
Imagine  how  good  you would  feel  doing  that  successfully . So let's  just  put that  into  play  here ,
because  I think  it's a better  way  to think  about  this  whole  project . Yeah , exactly . So as I was 
suggesting  earlier , just  if I mean , for most  people  around  the world , certainly  in rich  countries , if you
look  at your  own  values , well , one  of those  values  is being  a good  person . And  you can  see this  if you
think  about  examples  like.
[00:25:17.980]
There's  you see a building  on fire, there's  a you know , a young  girl kind  of at the window  and  you kick 
the door  down  and  you run in and  you rescue  that  child . Like  that  moment  would  stay  with  you for the
entire  life.
[00:25:30.490]
You would  reflect  on that  in your  elderly  years  and  think , wow , I actually  really  did something  that  was 
like that  was  pretty  cool .
[00:25:37.100]
And it's just  it's worth  lingering  there  because  everyone  listening  to us knows  down  to their  toes  that 
that would  be, if not the defining  moment  in their  life. You  know , in the top five, there's  just  no way 
that wouldn't  be one  of the most  satisfying  experiences . You  could  live to be 150  years  old, and  that 
would  still be in the top five most  satisfying  experiences  of your  life. And  given  what  you're  about  to
say, it's amazing  to consider  that  and  how  opaque  this  is to most  of us most  of the time  when  we
think  about  the opportunities  to do good  in the world .
[00:26:19.710]
Exactly . And  yeah , I mean , continuing  this , imagine  if you did a similar  thing  kind  of several  times . So
one week  you saved  someone  from  a burning  building . The  next  week  you saved  someone  from 
drowning . The  month  after  that , you saw  someone  having  a heart  attack  and  you performed  CPR  and 
saved  their  life, too.
[00:26:37.840]
You'd  think , wow , this  is a really  special  life that  I'm living .
[00:26:41.080]
But the truth  is that  we have  that  opportunity  to be as much  of a model  hero , in fact , much  more  of a
model  hero  every  single  year  of our lives . And  we can  do that  just  by targeting  our donations  to the
most  effective  charities  to help  those  people  who  are poorest  in the world . We could  do that , too, if
you wanted  to choose  a career  that's  going  to have  a really  big impact  on the lives  of others .
[00:27:06.940]
And so it seems  very  unintuitive  because  we're  in a very  unusual  place  in the world .
[00:27:12.850]
You know , it's only  over  the last  couple  of hundred  years  such  a wild  discrepancy  between  rich 
countries  and  poor  countries  where  people  in rich  countries  have  100  times  the income  of the poorest
people  in the world  and  where  we have  the technology  to be able  to change  the lives  of people  on
other  sides  of the world , let alone  the kind  of technologies  to, you know , imperil  the entire  future  of the
human  race , such  as the nuclear  weapons  or climate  change . And  so our moral  instincts  are just  not
attuned  to that  at all.
[00:27:44.200]
They  are just  not sensitive  to the sheer  scale  of what  an individual  is able  to achieve  if he or she is
trying  to make  a really  positive  difference  in the world .[00:27:54.940]
And so when  we look  at the, you know , history , look  at the. Heroes  like.
[00:28:00.520]
Think  about  William  Wilberforce , aphasic  Douglas , or the famous  abolitionists , people  who  kind  of
campaigned  for the end  of slavery  and  the amount  of good  they  did, all of these  kind  of great  moral 
leaders  and  think , wow , these  are really  special  people  because  of the amount  they  accomplished .
[00:28:15.160]
I actually  think  that's  just  attainable  for many , many  people  around  the world . Perhaps , you know ,
you're  not quite  going  to be someone  who  can  do as much  as contribute  to the abolition  of slavery .
But you are someone  who  can  potentially  save  hundreds  of thousands  of lives  or make  a very 
significant  difference  to the entire  course  of the future  to come . Hmm . Well , that's  a great  place  to
start . So now  we will get into  the details . OK, let's  get into  effective  altruism .
[00:28:45.310]
Persay , how  do you define  it at this  point ? So the way  I define  effective  altruism  is that  it's about  using
evidence  and  careful  reasoning  to try to figure  out how  to do as much  good  as possible  and  then 
taking  action  on that  basis . And  the real  focus  is on the most  good . And  that's  so important  because 
people  don't  appreciate  just  how  great  the difference  and  impact  between  different  organizations  are.
When  we've  surveyed  people , they  seem  to think  that  the best  organizations  are maybe  50 percent 
better  than  typical  organizations  like charities .
[00:29:22.510]
But that's  not really  the way  of things . Instead , is that  the best  is more  like hundreds  or thousands  of
times  better  than  a typical  organization . And  we just  see this  across  the board  when  comparing 
charities , when  comparing  different  sorts  of actions . So for global  health . You  will save  hundreds  of
times  as many  lives  by focusing  on antimalarial  bed  nets  and  distributing  them  than  focusing  on
cancer  treatment  in the case  of improving  the lives  of animals  on factory  farms  will help  thousands  of
times  more  animals  by focusing  on factory  farms  than  if you try to help  animals  by focusing  on pet
shelters .
[00:29:57.680]
If you look  at kind  of risks  to the future  of civilization , manmade  risks  like novel  pandemics  are
plausibly  just , you know , a thousand  times  greater  than  magnitude  than  natural  risks  like, you know ,
asteroids  that  we might  be more  familiar  with .
[00:30:12.680]
And that  just  means  that  focusing  not just  on doing  some  amount  of good , but doing  the very  best  is
just it's so important.  Because  it's easy -  yeah  - it's  easy  just  not to think  about  how  wild  this  fact  is.
So, like, imagine  if this  were  true  of consumer  goods . So at one  store  you want  a beer . At one  store ,
the beer  costs  100  dollars  another , it costs  10 cents .
[00:30:34.130]
That  would  just  be completely  mad . But that's  the way  things  are in the world  of trying  to do good . It's
it's like a ninety  nine  point  nine  percent  off sale  or 100000  percent  exclusively  by focusing  on these 
best  organizations , just  the best  deal  you'll  ever  see in your  life. And  that's  why  it's so important  for us
to highlight  this . OK, so I summarize  effective  altruism  for myself  now  along  these  lines . So this  this  is
a working  definition , but it captures  a few  of the the areas  of focus  and  the difference  between 
solving  problems  with  money  and  solving  problems  with  your  time  or your  choice  of career .
[00:31:13.490]
In your  response  to my question , you illustrated  a few  different  areas  of focus  so you could  be talking 
about  the poorest  people  in the world , but you could  also  be talking  about  long  term  risk to all of
humanity . So the way  I'm thinking  about  it now  is that  it's the question  of using  our time  and  our
money  to do one  or more  of the following  things , to save  the most  number  of lives , to reduce  the most
suffering , or to mitigate  the worst  risks  of future  death  and  suffering .[00:31:43.550]
So then  the question  of effectiveness  is, as you point  out, there's  so many  different  levels  of
competence  and  clarity  around  goals . There  may  be very  effective  charities  that  are targeting  the
wrong  goals  and  they're  ineffective  charities  targeting  the right  ones . And  this  does  lend  some 
credence  to the the skepticism  about  charity  itself  that  I referenced  earlier . And  there's  one  example 
here  which  does  a lot of work  in illustrating  the problem . And  this  is something  that  you discuss  in
your  book , Doing  Good  Better , which  I recommend  that  people  read .
[00:32:20.240]
But remind  me about  the ill fated  play  pump . Yes . So the now  infamous  play  pump  was  a program 
that I got a lot of media  coverage  in the 2000s  and  even  one  the World  Bank  Development 
Marketplace  Award . And  the idea  was  identifying  a the problem  that  many  villages  in sub-Saharan 
Africa  do not have  access  to clean  drinking  water . And  its idea  was  to install  kind  of children's  merry 
go round  one  of the roundabouts , the things  you purchase  and  then  jump  on and  spin  around , and 
that would  harness  the power  of children's  play  in order  to provide  clean  water  for the world .
[00:33:06.420]
So the pushing  on this  merry  go round . You  would  pump  up water  from  the ground  and  it would  act
like a hand  pump  providing  clean  water  for the village , and  so people  loved  this  idea . The  media  loved 
it, said , you know , providing  clean  water  is child's  play  or that's  the magic  and  they  love  to have  fun on
it.
[00:33:24.680]
So it was , you know , so they  were  hit. But the issue  is that  it was  really  a disastrous  development 
intervention .
[00:33:31.940]
So none  of the none  of the local  communities  were  consulted  about  whether  they  wanted  the pump .
[00:33:36.770]
They  liked  their , you know , much  cheaper , more  productive , easier  to use Zimbabwe  and  pumps  that 
were  sometimes , in fact , replaced  by these  pumps . And  moreover , in fact , the pumps  were  sufficiently
inefficient  that  one  journalist  estimated  the children  would  have  to play  in the pump  25 hours  per day
in order  to provide  enough  water  for the local  community . But obviously , children  don't  want  to play  on
this matter  grand  old time , and  so it would  be left often  to the elderly  women  of the village  to push 
this brightly  colored  paper  round  and  round .
[00:34:13.540]
One of the problems  was  that  it didn't  actually  function  like a merry  go round  where  the you would 
gather  momentum  and  keep  spinning . It actually  was  just  work  to push , right ? Well , exactly .
[00:34:25.000]
You need  the point  of a children's  medical  and  as you push  it and  then  you spin  and  if it's good , it's
fairly  well  greased , it spins  fairly . But you need  to be providing  energy  into  the system  in order  to
pump  water  up from  the ground . And  so it wouldn't  spin  freely  in the same  way . It was  enormous 
amounts  of work .
[00:34:42.910]
Children  would  find  it very  tiring .
[00:34:44.140]
So it's just  a fundamental  misconception  about  engineering  to deliver  this  pump  in the first  place .
Yeah , absolutely .
[00:34:50.440]
And then  there's  just  like, why  would  you think  you can  just  go in and  the place  something  that  has already  been  quite  well  optimized  to the needs  of the local  people  seems  quite  unlikely .
[00:35:01.450]
Like if this  was  such  a good  idea  to ask the question , why  wasn't  it already  invented ? Why  wasn't  it
already  popular ? There's  not a compelling  story  about , well , it's a public  good  or something . There's  a
reason  why  you wouldn't  have  already  been  wouldn't  have  already  been  developed . And  that's , you
know , let alone  the fact  that  the main  issue  in terms  of water  scarcity  for people  in the poorest 
countries  is access  to clean  water  and  access  to water .
[00:35:25.120]
And so instead , organisations  like dispensers  for safe  water , which  install  chlorine  like at the point  of
source . So at these  hand  pumps , clothing  dispensers  that  they  can  easily  put into  the jerrycans  that 
they  use to carry  water  that  sanitizes  the water .
[00:35:41.380]
These  are much  more  effective  because  that's  really  the issue , is dirty  water  rather  than  rather  than 
access  to water  most  of most  of the time . OK, so this  just  functions  as a clear  example  of the kinds  of
things  that  can  happen  when  the story  is better  than  the than  the reality  of of a charity . And  if I recall 
correctly , there  were  you know , there  were  celebrities  that  got behind  this  and  they  raised  had  to be
tens  of millions  of dollars  for the play  pump  even  after  the fault  in the very  concept  was  revealed , they
persisted .
[00:36:15.880]
I mean , there  they  kind  of got locked  in to this  project . And  I can't  imagine  it persists  to this  day. But
they  kept  doubling  down  in the face  of the obvious  reasons  to to abandon  this  project . This  included ,
you know , kids  getting  injured  on these  things  and , you know , kids  having  to be paid  to run them . And 
it was  a disaster  anyway . You  look  at it. So this  is the kind  of thing  that  happens  in various  charitable 
enterprises .
[00:36:43.810]
And this  is the kind  of thing  that  if you're  going  to be effective  as an as do you want  to avoid . Yeah ,
absolutely . And  just  on the weather , they  still continue . So I haven't  checked  in the last  few  years , but
a few  years  ago  when  I did, they  were  still going  and  they  were  funded  mainly  by corporations  like
Colgate-Palmolive  and  obviously  in a much  diminished  capacity  because  many  of these  failures  were 
brought  to light . And  that  was , you know , a good  part  of the story .
[00:37:11.020]
But what  it does  illustrate  is a difference  between  the world  of non-profits  and  the, you know ,
business  world  where  in the business  world , if you make  a really  bad  product , then , well , at least  if the
market's  functioning  well , then  the company  will go out of business . You  won't  be able  to sell it
because  the beneficiaries  of the product  are also  the people  paying  for it. In the case  of non-profits  is
very different . The  beneficiaries  are different  from  the people  paying  for the goods .
[00:37:35.800]
And so there's  a disconnect  between  how  well  can  you fund  raise  and  how  good  is the program  that 
you're  implementing .
[00:37:41.680]
And so the sad  fact  is that  bad  charities  don't  die. Not  nearly  enough . Actually , that  brings  me to a
question  of about  perverse  incentives  here  that  I do think  animates  sort  of the more  intelligent 
skepticism  and  is on precisely  this  point  that , you know , charities , good  and  bad , can  be incentivized 
to merely  keep  going . I mean , just  just  imagine  a charity  that  solves  its problem . It should  be that , you
know , if you're  trying  to, let's  say, you know , eradicate  malaria , you raise  hundreds  of millions  of
dollars  to that  end .
[00:38:19.480]
What  happens  to your  charity  when  you actually  eradicate  malaria ? We're  not we're  obviously  not inthat position  with  respect  to malaria , unfortunately . But there  are many  problems  where  you can  see
the charities  are never  incentivized  to acknowledge  that  significant  progress  has  been  made  and  the
progress  is such  that  it calls  into  question  whether  this  charity  should  exist  for much  longer . And , you
know , there  may  be some , but I'm unaware  of charities  who  are explicit  about  their  aspiration  to put
themselves  out of business  because  they're  so effective .
[00:38:56.430]
Yes, I have  a great  example  of this  going  along , so one  charity  I know  of is called  Scotts  Care , and  it
was set up in the 17th  century  after  the personal  union  of England  and  Scotland . And  there  were  many
Scots  who  migrated  to London . And  we were  the poor . We were  the indigent  in London . And  so it
makes  sense  for there  to be a non-profit  helping  make  sure  that  poor  Scots  are, you know , had  a
livelihood  with  able  to feed  themselves  and  so on.
[00:39:27.990]
Is it the case  in the 21st  century ? Poor  Scots  in London  is the biggest  global  problem ? No, it is not.
Nonetheless , Scots  care  continues  to this  day over  300  years  later .
[00:39:41.310]
Are there  examples  of charities  that  explicitly  would  want  to put themselves  out of business ? I mean ,
giving  what  we can , which  you joined  is one  I. Our ideal  scenario  is a situation  where  the idea  that  you
would  join a community  because  you're  donating  10 percent  is just  weird , wild , like if you become 
vegetarian , very  rare  that  you join the kind  of a vegetarian  society . Or if you decide  not to be racist  or
decide  not to be a liar, it's not like you join the no lion society  or the no racist  society .
[00:40:12.660]
And so that  is what  we're  aiming  for, is a world  where  it's just  so utterly  common  sense  that  if you're 
born  into  a rich  country , you should  use a significant  proportion  of your  resources  to try and  help 
other  people  impartially  considered  that  the idea  of needing  a community  or needing  to be part  of this
kind  of club  without  a group  of people  that  just  wouldn't  even  cross  your  mind .
[00:40:35.760]
So the day that  they  say that  giving  what  we can  is not needed  is a very  happy  day for my perspective .
[00:40:42.810]
So let's  talk  about  any misconceptions  that  people  might  have  about  effective  altruism . Because , you
know , the truth  is, I've had  some  myself  even  having  prepared  to have  conversations  with  with  you
and your  colleague , Toby  Ord. He's  also  been  on the podcast . My first  notion  of effective  altruism  was
that very  much  inspired  by Peter  Singer's  shallow  pond , that  it really  was  just  a matter  of focusing  on
the poorest  of the poor  in the developing  world , almost  by definition .
[00:41:15.630]
And that's  kind  of the long  and  the short  of it. And  you're  giving  as much  as you possibly  can  sacrifice .
But the minimum  bar would  be 10 percent  of your  your  income . What  doesn't  that  capture  about 
effective  altruism ? Yeah , thanks  for bringing  that  up, because  it is a challenge . We faced  that  the
ideas  that  spread  are the most  mimetic  with  respect  to effective  optimism  and  not necessarily  those 
that most  accurately  capture  where  the movement  is, especially  especially  today .
[00:41:45.540]
So, as you say, many  people  think  that  effective  altruism  is just  about  earning  as much  money  as
possible  to give  to give  well  recommended  global  health  and  development  charities .
[00:41:54.240]
But I think  there's  at least  three  ways  in which  that  misconstrues  things . One  is the fact  that  there  are
just a wide  variety  of causes  that  we focus  on now .
[00:42:03.840]
And in fact , among  the kind  of most  engaged  people  in effective  altruism , the biggest  focus  now  ismaking  sure  as future  generations  and  making  sure  that  things  go well  for the very  many  future 
generations  to come , such  as by focusing  on existential  risks  that  Toby  talks  about , like manmade 
pandemics , like, Heyy , animal  welfare  is another  cause  area .
[00:42:29.460]
It's not definitely  by no means  the majority  focus , but is a significant  minority  focus  as well . And  this 
is lots  of people  trying  to get better  evidence  and  understanding  of these  issues  and  a variety  of other
issues , too. So voting  the forum  is something  that  I funded  to an extent  and  champion  to an extent .
I'm really  interested  in more  people  working  on the risk of war  over  the coming  century . And  then 
secondly , there  are as well  as donating , which  is a very  accessible  and  important  way  of doing  it.
[00:43:01.770]
There's  just  a lot of in fact , the large  majority  of people  within  the effective  altruism  community  are
trying  to make  a difference , not primarily  via their  donations , though  often  they  do donate  to the
primarily  through  their  career  choice  by working  in areas  like research  policy  activism . And  then  just 
as a kind  of framing  in general , we just  really  don't  think  of effective  altruism  as a set of
recommendations , but rather  like a research  project  and  methodology . So it's more  like the science ,
you know , aspiring  towards  the scientific  revolution  than  any particular  theory .
[00:43:36.490]
Mm hmm . And  what  we're  really  trying  to do is to do for the pursuit  of goods  what  what  the scientific 
revolution  did for the pursuit  of truth . It's an ambitious  goal , but trying  to make  the pursuit  of this 
more  vigorous , more  scientific  enterprise . And  for that  reason , we don't  see ourselves  as kind  of set
of claims , but rather  a living , breathing  and  evolving  set of ideas . Yeah , yeah , I think  it is useful  to
distinguish  at least  two  levels  here .
[00:44:05.390]
I mean , one  is the specific  question  of whether  an individual  cause  or an individual  charity  is a good 
one. And , you know , but by what  metric  would  you even  make  that  judgment ? And  how  do we rank 
order  our priorities ? And  like all of that  is getting  into  the weeds  of just  what  we should  do with  our
resources . And  obviously  that  has  to be done . And  I think  the jury is very  much  out on on many  of
those  questions .
[00:44:34.220]
And I want  to get into  those  details  going  forward  here . But the profound  effect  that  your  work  has 
had on me thus  far arrived  at this  other  level  of just  the stark  recognition  that  I want  to do good  in the
world  by default  and  I want  to engineer  my life such  that  that  happens  whether  I'm inspired  or not. The
crucial  distinction  for me has  been  to see that  there's  the good  feeling  we get from  philanthropy  and 
doing  good , and  then  there's  the actual  results  in the world .
[00:45:13.100]
And those  two  things  are only  loosely  coupled . This  is one  of the the worst  things  about  us that  we
need  to navigate  around  or at least  be aware  of as we live our lives , that  we tend  you know , we you
know , human  beings  tend  not to be the most  disturbed  by the most  harmful  things  we do. And  we
tend  not to be the most  gratified  by the most  beneficial  things  we do. And  we tend  not to be the most 
frightened  by the the most  dangerous  risks  we run.
[00:45:43.070]
Right . And  so it's just  we're  very  easily  distracted  by good  stories  and  and  other  bright , shiny  objects .
And the framing  of a problem  radically  changes  our perception  of it. So the effect , you know , when 
you came  on my podcast  four  years  ago  was  for me to just  realize , OK, well , now  we're  talking  about 
give Wells  most  effective  charities  and  the Against  Malaria  Foundation  is at the top. I recognize  in
myself  that  I'm just  not very  excited  about  malaria  or bed  nets .
[00:46:15.560]
The problem  isn't  the sexiest  for me. The  remedy  isn't  the sexiest  for me. And  yet I rationally 
understand  that  if I want  to save  human  lives , this  is the dollar  for dollar , the cheapest  way  to save  ahuman  life. So that  the epiphany  for me is I just  want  to automate  this  and  I'll just  give  every  month  to
this charity  without  having  to think  about  it. And  so, you know , that  is gratifying  to me to some  degree .
[00:46:45.860]
But the truth  is, I almost  never  think  about  malaria  or the Against  Malaria  Foundation  or anything 
related  to this  project . And  I'm doing  the good  anyway , because  I just  decided  to not rely on my moral 
intuitions  day to day and  my desire  to rid the world  of of malaria . I just  decided  to automate  it. The 
recognition  that  there's  a difference  between  committing  in a way  that  really  takes  it offline  so that 
you no longer  have  to keep  being  your  better  self  on that  topic  every  day of the week .
[00:47:20.210]
It's just  wiser  and  more  effective  to decide  in your  in your  clearest  moment  of deliberation , you know ,
what  you want  to do and  then  just  to build  the structure  to actually  do that  thing . And  that's  just  one  of
several  distinctions  that , you know , you have  brought  into  my understanding  of how  to do good . Yeah ,
absolutely .
[00:47:37.670]
I mean , it just  we've  got to recognize  that  we are these  fallible , imperfect  creatures . Donating  is much 
like, you know , paying  your  pension  or something , something  you might  think , oh, I really  ought  to do,
but it's just  hard  to get motivated  by. And  so we need  to exploit  our own  irrationality . And  I think  that 
comes  in in two  stages . First , like building  up the initial  motivation , you can  sustain  that  for, you know ,
perhaps  a feeling  of moral  outrage  or just  real  kind  of yearning  to start  to do something , you can  get
that.
[00:48:10.950]
So in my own  case , when  I was  deciding  how  much  should  I try and  commit  to to give  away  over  the
course  of my life, I just  I looked  up images  of children  suffering  from  horrific  tropical  diseases  and 
that, you know , really  stayed  with  me, kind  of gave  me that  initial  motivation  or I still get that . If I read 
about  the many  close  calls  we had  where  we almost  had  a nuclear  holocaust  over  the course  of the
20th  century , or if I, you know , learn  more  history  and  think  about  what  the world  would  have  been  like
if the Nazis  had  won  the Second  World  War  and  created  this  global  totalitarian  state .
[00:48:44.850]
There's , you know , well , fiction  like most  recently  reading  1984 . And  again , this  kind  of ways  of just 
thinking  just  how  bad  and  different  the world  could  be that  can  really  create  the sense  of like moral 
urgency  or just , you know , on the news  to the kind  of moral  outrages  we see all the time . And  then  the
second  is how  we don't  how  we director . And  so in your  own  case , just  saying , yes, every  time  I have  a
podcast , I donate  three  and  a half  thousand  dollars  and  it saves  a life.
[00:49:11.610]
Fairly  good  way  of doing  that . Similarly , you can  have  a system  where  every  time  a paycheck  comes 
in, 10 percent  of it just  it doesn't  even  enter  your  bank  account . It just  goes  to or at least  immediately 
leaves  to go to some . In fact , a charity  that  you've  carefully  thought  about , and  there's  other  hacks ,
too, so. Public  commitments  of a really  big thing  now , I think  there's  no way  I'm backing  out of my
altruism  now , right ?
[00:49:35.410]
Too much  of my identity  is wrapped  up in that  now . So even  if someone  offered  me, you know , a
million  pounds  and  I could  skip  town , you know , I wouldn't  want  to do it. I it's part  of who  I am. It's part
of my social  relationships . And  that's , you know . Yeah , that's  very  that's  very  powerful  to actually  in a
coming  chapter  here , I want  to push  back  a little  bit on how  you are personally  approaching  given ,
because  I think  I have  some  rival  intuitions  here  that  I want  to see how  they  survive  contact  with  your 
sense  of how  you should  live.
[00:50:09.580]
There's  actually  a kind  of related  point  here  where  I'm wondering , when  we think  of causes  that  meet 
the test  of the fact  of altruism , they  still seem  to be weighted  toward  some  obvious  extremes . Right .Like when  you look  at the value  of a marginal  dollar  in sub-Saharan  Africa  or Bangladesh , you get so
much  more  of a lift in human  well-being  for your  money  than  you do or then  you seem  to. And  in a
place  like the United  States  or the UK that , you know , by default , you generally  have  an argument  for
doing  good  elsewhere  rather  than  locally .
[00:50:47.710]
But I'm wondering  if this  breaks  down  for a few  reasons . So, I mean , just  take  an example  like the
problem  of homelessness  in San  Francisco  right  now , leaving  aside  the fact  that  we don't  seem  to
know  what  to do about  homelessness , it appears  to be a very  hard  problem  to solve . You  can't  just 
build  shelters  for the mentally  ill and  substance  abusers  and  call it a day, right ? I mean , they  quickly 
find that  even  they  don't  want  to be in those  shelters  and , you know , they're  back  out on the streets .
[00:51:17.800]
And so you have  to figure  out what  services  you're  going  to provide . And  there's  all kinds  of bad 
incentives  and  moral  hazards  here  that  then , you know , when  you're  the one  city that  does  it, well , then
then  you're  the city that's  attracting  the world's  homeless . But let's  just  assume  for the sake  of
argument  that  we knew  how  to spend  money  so that  we could  solve  this  problem . Would  solving  the
problem  of homelessness  in San  Francisco  stand  a chance  of rising  to the near  the top of our
priorities , in your  view ?
[00:51:46.600]
Yes.
[00:51:46.960]
So it would  all just  depend  on how  like the costs  to save  homelessness  and  how  that  compared  with 
our other  opportunities .
[00:51:54.850]
So in general , it's going  to be the case  that  the very  best  opportunities  are in order  to improve .
[00:52:01.180]
Lives  are going  to be in the poorest  countries  because  the very  best  ways  of helping  others  have  not
yet been  taken . So malaria  is still life. It was  wiped  out in the U.S.  and  certainly  by the early  20th 
century . It's an easy  problem  to solve . It's fairly  cheap . And  when  we look  at which  countries , the
problems  that  are still left are, you know , the comparatively  harder  ones  to solve  for whatever  reason .
So like in the case  of homelessness , I'm not sure  about  the original  source  of this  fact , but I have  been
told that .
[00:52:32.650]
So, yeah , for those  who  don't  haven't  ever  lived  in the Bay  Area , the problem  of homelessness  is
horrific , that  there's  just  people  with  severe  mental  health  issues , clear  substance  abuse , just  like
everywhere  on the streets . It's so prevalent . It just  amazes  me that  one  of the richest  countries  in the
world  and  one  of the richest  places  within  that  country  is unable  to solve  this  problem . But I believe  at
least  that  in terms  of funding  at the local  level , there's  about  50000  dollars  spent  per homeless 
person  in the Bay  Area .
[00:53:04.240]
And what  this  suggests  is that  the problem  is not to do with  a lack  of finances . And  so if you were 
going  to contribute  more  money , that  it's unlikely  to make  an additional  reason , perhaps  at some 
perverse  incentives . Fact , perhaps  it's government  bureaucracy , perhaps  at some  sort  of legislation . I
don't  know . It's not an issue  I know  enough  about .
[00:53:23.390]
But precisely  because  the U.S.  is so rich , the San  Francisco  Bay  Area , so rich , is that  if this  was 
something  where  we could  turn  money  into  a solution  to the problem , it would  more  likely . More  than 
likely . It probably  would  have  happened  already .[00:53:37.090]
But that's  not to say we'll  never  find  issues  in rich  countries  where  you can  do an enormous  amount  of
good . So open  philanthropy , which  is kind  of a core  effectively  to a foundation , one  of its program 
areas  is criminal  justice  reform  that  it started , I believe , about  five years  ago . And  it really  did think 
that the benefits  to Americans  that  it could  provide  by funding  changes  to legislation  to reduce  the
absurd  rates  of over  incarceration  in the U.S. , where  for context , the US incarcerates  five times  as
many  people  as the UK does  on a per person  basis .
[00:54:17.590]
And there's  a lot of evidence  suggesting  you could  reduce  that  very  significantly  without  changing 
rates  of rates  of crime .
[00:54:24.250]
It seems  to be compatible  to actually  the best  interventions  in the poorest  country .
[00:54:28.430]
Is, of course , this  has  now  become  an even  more  well  focused  issue , so I believe  that  they're  finding  it
harder  to now , you know , make  a difference  by funding  organizations  that  wouldn't  have  otherwise  be
funded .
[00:54:39.980]
But this  is at least  one  example  where  you can  get things  that  come  up that  just  for whatever  reason ,
have  not yet been  funded . It's kind  of new  opportunities  where  you can  do as much  good . It's just  that 
I think  they're  going  to be comparatively  much  harder  to find . He I think  that  this  gets  complicated  for
me when  you look  at just  what  we're  going  to target  as a reduction  in suffering . It is very  easy  to count
dead  people . Right .
[00:55:07.270]
So if we're  just  talking  about  saving  lives , that's  a pretty  easy  thing  to calculate . If we can  save  more 
lives  in Country  X over  country  Y, well , then  it seems  like it's a net good  to be spending  our dollars  in
contracts . But when  you think  about  human  suffering  and  when  you think  about  how  so much  of it is
comparative , like the despair  of being  someone  who  has  fallen  through  the cracks  in a city like San 
Francisco  could  well  be much  worse .
[00:55:38.990]
I mean , I think  there  is certainly  I don't  know  what  data  we have  on this , but there's  certainly  a fair
amount  of anecdotal  testimony  that  poor  people  in in a country  like Bangladesh , while  it's obviously 
terrible  to be poor  in Bangladesh , and  there  are many  reasons  to want  to solve  that  problem . And  by
comparison , when  you look  at, you know , homeless  people  on the streets  of San  Francisco , they  are
not they're  not nearly  as poor  as the poorest  people  in Bangladesh , of course .
[00:56:04.300]
And nor are they  politically  oppressed  in the same  way . I mean  by global  standards , they're  barely 
oppressed  at all. But it wouldn't  surprise  me if we could  do a complete  psychological  evaluation  or,
you know , or just  trade  places  with  people  in each  condition . We would  discover  that  the suffering  of
a person  who  is living  in one  of the richest  cities  in the world  and  is homeless  and  drug  addicted  and 
mentally  ill or to, you know , pick  off that  menu  of despair  is actually , you know , the worst  suffering  on
earth .
[00:56:41.570]
And again , we have  to stipulate  that  we could  solve  this  problem  dollar  for dollar  in a way  that , you
know , we admit  that  we we don't  know  how  to at the moment . It seems  like just  tracking  the, you
know , the GDP  in each  place  and  in the amount  of money  it would  take  to deliver  a meal  or get
someone  clothing  or get someone  shelter . And , you know , the power  of the marginal  dollar 
calculation  doesn't  necessarily  capture  the deeper  facts  of the case , or at least  that's  my concern .
[00:57:11.200]So I'd actually  agree  with  you on the question  of, you know , take  someone  who . Yeah , the mentally 
unwell , they  have  drug  addictions , the homeless  in the San  Francisco  Bay  Area . How  bad  is their  day?
And then  take  someone  living  in extreme  poverty  in India  or sub-Saharan  Africa . How  bad  is there  a
typical  day? Yeah , I wouldn't  want  to make  a claim  that  the. That  homeless  person  in the US has  a
better  life than  the extreme  poor , you know , I think  it's it's not so hard  to just  hit rock  bottom  in terms 
of human  suffering .
[00:57:47.750]
And I do just  think  that  the homeless  in the Bay  Area  just  seem  to have  really  terrible  lives . And  so the
question , the question  in terms  of the difference  of the how  promising  it is as a cause  is much  to do,
much  more  to do with  this  question  of whether  the low hanging  fruit  has  already  been  taken  where ,
you know , just  think  about  the most  sick  you've  ever  been  and  how  horrible  that  was . And  imagine ,
you know , and  now  think  about  that  for months , having  malaria , for example , and  that  that  could  you
could  have  avoided  that  for a few  dollars .
[00:58:24.560]
That's  like, you know , an incredible  fact . And  that's  where  the real  difference  is, I think  is in kind  of the
cost  to solve  a problem  rather  than  necessarily  like. The  kind  of poor  person  suffering , because  while 
rich countries  are in general  happier  than  poorer  countries , the worst  off people , I mean , especially  in
the U.S. , which  has  such  a high  variance  in life outcomes . Yeah , the West , the lives  of the West  off
people  can  easily  be much  the same .
[00:58:51.380]
Yeah , I guess  there's  some  other  concerns  here  that  I have  which  and  this  speaks  to a deeper  problem
with  consequentialism , which  is which  is our orientation  here , you know , not exclusively . And  people 
can mean  many  things  by that  term . But there's  just  a problem  in how  you keep  score  because , you
know , obviously  there  are bad  things  that  can  happen  which  have  massive  silver  linings . Right . Which 
in the, you know , have  good  consequences  in the end .
[00:59:18.530]
And there  are apparently  good  things  that  happen  that  that  actually  have  bad  consequences 
elsewhere  and  or in the fullness  of time . And  it's hard  to know  when  you can  actually  know  that . You 
can assess  what  is what  is true , the net, how  you get to the bottom  line of the consequences  of any
actions . But like when  I think  about  the knock  on effects  of letting  a place  like San  Francisco  become 
a slum  effectively . Right . Like  you just  think  of like the exodus  in tech  from  California  at this  moment , I
don't  know  how  deep  or sustained  it'll be, but I've lost  count  of the number  of people  in Silicon  Valley 
who  I've heard  are leaving  California  at this  point .
[01:00:02.240]
And the homelessness  in San  Francisco  is very  high  on the list of reasons  why  that  strikes  me as a
bad outcome  that  has  far reaching  significance  for society . And  again , the kind  of thing  that's  not
captured  by just  counting  bodies  or just  looking  at how  cheap  it is to buy bed  nets , you know , and  I'm
sort of struggling  to find  a way  of framing  this  that  is fundamentally  different  from  singers  shallow 
pond  that  allows  for some  of the moral  intuitions  that  I think  many  people  have  here , which  is that 
there's  an intrinsic  good  in in having  a civilization  that  is producing  the most  abundance  possible .
[01:00:47.330]
I mean , we want  a highly  technological , creative , beautiful  civilization . We want  gleaming  cities  with 
beautiful  architecture . We want  institutions  that  are massively  well-funded , producing  cures  for
diseases  rather  than  just  things  like bed  nets . Right . And  we want  beautiful  art, the things  we want .
And I think  there  are things  we we're  right  to want  that  are only  compatible  with  the accumulation  of
wealth  in certain  respects . One , framing  from  singers , framing  those  intuitions  are just  wrong , or at
least  they're  premature .
[01:01:30.390]
And we have  to save  the last  child  in the last  pond  before  we can  think  about  funding  the Metropolitan
Museum  of Art right  on some  level . And  many  people  are allergic  to that  intuition  for reasons  that  Iunderstand . And  I'm not sure  that  I can  defeat  Singer's  argument  here , but I have  this  image  that 
essentially  we have  a lifeboat  problem . Right . Like  you and  I are in the boat , we're  safe . And  then  the
question  is, how  many  people  can  we pull in to the boat  and  save  as well ?
[01:02:01.940]
And, you know , as with  any lifeboat , there's  a problem  of capacity . We can't  save  everyone  all at once ,
but we can  save  many  more  people  than  we've  saved  thus  far. But the thing  is, we have  a fancy 
lifeboat , right ? A civilization  itself  is a is a fancy  lifeboat . And  there  are people  drowning  and  they're 
obviously  drowning  and  we're  saving  some  of them . And  you and  I are now  arguing  that  we can  save 
many , many  more  and  we should  save  many , many  more .
[01:02:29.540]
And anyone  listening  to us is lucky  to be safely  in this  lifeboat  with  us. And  the boat  is not as crowded
as it might  be, but we do have  finite  resources  in any moment . And  the truth  is, we're  because  it's a
fancy  lifeboat , you know , we are spending  some  of those  resources  on things  other  than  reaching 
over  the side  and  pulling  in the next  drowning  person . So, you know , there's  a bar that  serves  very 
good  drinks  and , you know , we've  got a good  Internet  connection  so we can  stream  movies .
[01:02:59.690]
And, you know , while  this  may  seem  perverse , again , if you extrapolate  from  here , you realize  that  I'm
talking  about  civilization , which  is a fancy  lifeboat . And  there's  obviously  an argument  for spending  a
lot of time  and  a lot of money  saving  people  and  pulling  them  in. But I think  there's  also  an argument 
for making  the lifeboat  better  and  better  so that  we have  more  smart , creative  people  incentivized  to
spend  some  time  at the edge , pulling  people  in with  better  tools , tools  that  they  only  could  have  made .
[01:03:34.610]
Had they  spent  time  elsewhere  in the boat  making  those  tools  and  this  moves  to the larger  topic  of
just how  we envision  building  a good  society , even  while  there  are there  are moral  emergencies  right 
now  somewhere  that  we we need  to figure  out how  to respond  to. Yeah , so this  is crucially  important 
set of questions , so the focus  on knock  on effects  is very  important . So when  you again , let's  just  take
the example  of saving  a life. You  don't  just  save  a life because  that  person  goes  on and  does  stuff .
[01:04:10.700]
Has they  make  the country  richer ? Perhaps  they  go and  have  kids . Perhaps , you know , they  will emit 
CO2 . That's  a negative  consequence . They'll  innovate , they'll  invent  things . Maybe  they  got this  huge 
stream  basically  from  now  till the end  of time  of consequences  if you're  doing  this  thing .
[01:04:28.130]
And it's quite  plausible  that  the knock  on effect , though , much  harder  to predict  how  much  bigger 
effects  than  the short  term  effects , the benefits  of the person  you've  whose  life you saved  or who 
you've  benefited  in the case  of. Homelessness  in the Bay  Area  versus  extreme  poverty  in a poor 
country , I'd want  to say that  if we're  looking  at knock  on effects  of one , we want  to do the same  for
both . So, you know , one  thing  I worry  about  over  the course  of the coming , you know , decades , but
also  even  years  is the possibility  of a war  between  India  and  Pakistan .
[01:05:02.700]
But it's fact  that  rich  democratic  countries  seem  to not to go to war  with  each  other . So one  knock  on
effect  of, you know , saving  lives  or helping  development  in India  is perhaps  we get to that  point  where 
India  is of India  is rich  enough  that  it's not going  to want  to go to war  because , you know , the cost 
benefit  doesn't  pay out in the same  way . That  would  be another  kind  of potential  good  knock  on
effect . And  that's  not to say that  the knock  on effects  favor  the extreme  poverty  intervention 
compared  to their  homelessness  is just  that .
[01:05:31.290]
There's  so many  of them . It's very , very  hard  her to understand  how  these  how  these  play  out. And  I
think  actually  you then  mentioned , well , we want  to achieve  some  of the great  things . So we want .[01:05:45.400]
You know , to achieve  the kind  of highest  apogee  is of art, of development , I mean , a personal  thing  I'm
sad that  I will never  get to see is the point  in time  where  we just  truly  understand  science , where  we
have  actually  figured  out the fundamental  laws , especially  the fundamental  physical  laws , but also 
just great  experiences  to people  having , you know , peaks  of happiness  that , you know , the very 
greatest  achievements  in of the present  day just  and  the very  greatest  peaks  of joy and  ecstasy  of a
pleasant  day just .
[01:06:20.440]
As basically  almost , you know , insignificant  in comparison , that's  something  that  really  I do think  is
important , but I think  for all of those  things , once  you're  then  starting  to take  that  seriously  and  take 
knock  on effect  seriously , that's  the sort  of reasoning  that  leads  you to start  thinking  about  what  I call
long  term  ism , which  is the idea  that  the most  important  aspect  of our actions  is the impact  we have 
over  the very  long  run and  will make  us want  to prioritize  things  like ensuring  we don't  have  some  truly
massive  catastrophe  as a result  of a nuclear  war  or a manmade  pandemic  that  could  derail  this 
process  of continued  economic  and  technological  growth  that  we seem  to be undergoing  or could 
make  us want  to avoid  certain  kind  of just  very  bad  value  states  like the lock  in of a global  totalitarian 
regime .
[01:07:11.410]
Another  thing  that  I'm particularly  worried  about  in terms  of the future  of humanity , or perhaps  is just 
that we're  worried  the technological  and  economic  growth  will slow  down .
[01:07:20.950]
And what  we want  to do is. Spur , you know , continued  innovation  into  the future . And  I think  they 
actually  are just  really  good  arguments  for that . I think  I would  be surprised  if, though , if that  is what 
your  aim  is, the best  way  of doing  that  goes  via some  things , such  as focusing  on homelessness  in
the Bay  Area . Thousands  find  that  kind  of aim  at those  ends  more  directly . OK. Well , I think  we're 
going  to return  to this  concept  of the fancy  lifeboat  at some  point .
[01:07:52.720]
I do want  to talk  about  your  personal  implementation  of effective  altruism  in a subsequent  lesson . But
for the moment , let's  get into  the details  of how  we think  about  choosing  a cause  in the next  chapter .
OK, so how  do we think  about  choosing  specific  causes ? I've had  my own  adventures  and 
misadventures  with  this  since  I took  your  pledge . Before  we get into  the specifics , I just  want  to point 
out a really  wonderful  effect  on my psychology . That  is I mean , you know , I've all I've always  been , I
think  by real  world  standards , fairly  charitable .
[01:08:32.800]
So giving  to organizations  that  inspire  me or who  I think  which  I think  are doing  good  work  is not a
foreign  experience  for me. But since  connecting  with  you and  now  since  taking  the pledge , I'm now ,
you know , aggressively  charitable . And  what  this  has  done  to my brain  is that  there  is a pure  pleasure 
in doing  this . And  there's  a kind  of virtuous  greed  to help  that  gets  kindled . And  rather  than  seeing  it
as an obligation , it really  feels  like an opportunity .
[01:09:07.180]
I mean , just  you want  to run into  that  building  and  save  the girl at the window . Absolutely . But across 
the street , there's  a boy at the window  and  you want  to you want  to run in over  there , too. And  so it's
this is actually  a basis  for psychological  well-being . I mean , it makes  me happy  to put my attention  in
this direction . It's the antithesis  of feeling  like an onerous  obligation . So anyway , I'm increasingly 
sensitive  to causes  that  I that  catch  my eye and  I want  to support .
[01:09:35.230]
But I'm aware  that  I am a a malfunctioning  robot  with  respect  to my own , you know , moral  compass .
As I said , you know , I know  that  I'm not as excited  about  bed  nets  to stave  off malaria  as I should  be
and, you know , give  in to that  cause  nonetheless , because  I just  recognize  that  the analysis  is almost 
certainly  sound  there . But for me, what's  interesting  here  is when  I when  I think  about  giving  to acause  that  really  doesn't  quite  meet  the test , well , that  then  achieves  the status  for me of a kind  of
guilty  pleasure .
[01:10:09.670]
Like, I feel  a little  guilty  that  I you know , I gave  that  much  money  to the homeless  charity  because , you
know , Will  just  told  me that  that's  not going  to meet  the test . So, OK, that's  going  to have  to be above 
and beyond  the 10 percent  I pledged  to the most  effective  charities . And  so just  having  to
differentiate  the charitable  donations  that  meet  the test  and  those  that  don't  is an interesting  project .
Psychologically , I don't  know .
[01:10:33.040]
It's just  it's just  a very  different  territory  than  I've ever  been  with  respect  to philanthropy . But so this 
raises  the issue .
[01:10:39.760]
So one  of these  charities  is newly  formed , right . Who  does  not yet have  a long  track  record . I happen 
to know  the people  who  are some  of the people  who  created  it. How  could  you fund  a new 
organization  with  all these  other  established  organizations  that  have  track  records  that  you can 
assess  competing  for your  attention ?
[01:10:58.660]
First  thing  I want  to say is just  does  this  count  towards  the pledge ?
[01:11:02.170]
And one  thing  I definitely  want  to disabuse  people  of the notion  of is that  we think  of ourselves  as the
authority  of like what  is effective . These  are our best  guesses  we give  well , or other  organizations 
have  put enormous  amounts  of research  into  this . But the still estimates  there's  plenty  of things  you
can kind  of disagree  with . And  it's actually  quite  exciting  often  to have  someone  come  in and  start 
disagreeing  with  us because  maybe  we're  long  and  that's  great . We can  change  our minds , have 
better  beliefs .
[01:11:28.660]
And the second  thing  is that  early  stage  charities  absolutely  can  compete  with  charities  with  a more 
established  that  they  could  in just  the same  way  as if you think  about  financial  investment , you know ,
investing  in bonds  or the stock  market  is a way  of making  a return , but so is investing  in startups . And
if you had  the view  that  you should  never  invest  in startups , then  that  would  definitely  be a mistake .
And actually  quite  a significant  proportion  of giffels  expenditure  each  year  on early  stage  nonprofits 
that have  the potential  in the future  to become  top recommended  charities .
[01:12:02.110]
And so a set of questions  I would  ask for any organization  I'm looking  at is what's  the cause  that  is
focused  on?
[01:12:08.800]
What's  the program  that's  implementing  and  then  who  are the people  who  are who  are kind  of running
that program ?
[01:12:15.430]
But the kind  of background  is that  there's  just  some  things  we know  do enormous  amounts  of good 
and have  this  enormous  amount  of evidence  for them . And  so I feel  like we want  to be focusing  on
things  where  I do this  like very  promising  evidence  and  we could . Potentially  get more  or something 
where  in the nature  of the beast , we cannot  get very  high  quality  evidence , but we have  good ,
compelling  arguments  for thinking  that  this  might  be super  important . So, you know , funding , clean 
energy , innovation , funding , you know , new  developments  in carbon  capture  and  storage  or nuclear 
power , something .
[01:12:47.990]It's not like you can  do a randomized  controlled  trial  on that . But I think  there's  good  kind  of
theoretical  arguments  for thinking  that  might  be an extremely  good  way  of combating  climate 
change .
[01:12:56.870]
Is worth  bearing  in mind  that  like saying  something  that  is the very  best  thing  you can  do with  your 
money  is an extremely  high  bar.
[01:13:02.420]
So, you know , if there's  tens  of thousands  of possible  organizations , they  can  only  be one  or two  that ,
you know , have  the they  have  the biggest  bang  for the buck . All right .
[01:13:12.710]
Well , it sounds  like I'm opening  a guilty  pleasures  fund  to run alongside  the Waking  Up Foundation .
[01:13:18.080]
I'm very  glad  that  the pleasures  I'm glad  that  you are sufficiently  you know , it's a very  good  instinct 
that you find  out about  these . Problems  in the world , which  are really  bad  and  are motivated  to want 
to help  them . And  so I'm really  glad  you think  of them  as pleasures . I don't  think  you should  be beating
yourself  up, even  if it doesn't  seem  like the very  most  optimal  thing .
[01:13:40.040]
Yeah , yeah . No, no, I'm not. In fact , I haven't  even  guiltier  pleasure  to report  which , you know , at the
time  I did it. You  know , this  is this  is not through  a charity . This  is just  a, you know , personal  gift. But
and this  does  connect  back  to just  the kind  of lives  we want  to live and  how  that  informs  this  whole 
conversation . I remember  I was  listening  to the The  New  York  Times  daily  podcast , and  this  was  when
the covid  pandemic  was  really  peaking  in the U.S.  and  everything  seemed  to be in freefall .
[01:14:13.760]
They  profiled  a couple  who  had  a restaurant  in, I think  it was  in New  Orleans  and  they  had  an autistic 
child . And  they  were  you know , everyone  knows  that  restaurants  were  among  the first  businesses 
crushed  by the pandemic  for obvious  reasons . And  it was  just  a very  affecting  portrait  of this  family 
trying  to figure  out how  they  were  going  to survive  and  get their  child  the help . She  I think  it was  a girl
needed . So it was  exactly  the little  girl fell down  the well  sort  of story  compared  to the the genocide 
that no one  can  pay attention  to because  genocides  are just  boring .
[01:14:54.410]
And so I was  completely  aware  of the dynamics  of this . Helping  these  people  could  not survive 
comparison  with  just  simply  buying  yet more  bed  nets . And  yet the truth  is, I really  wanted  to help 
these  people . Right . So, you know , just  sent  the money  out of the blue  and  it feels  like an orientation 
that sort  of two  things  here , that  kind  of rise  to the defense  of this  kind  of behavior . It feels  like an
orientation  that  I want  to support  in myself  because  it does  seem  like a truly  virtuous  source  of
mental  pleasure .
[01:15:37.760]
I mean , it's better  than  almost  anything  else . I do the spending  money  selfishly  and  psychologically ,
but it's both  born  of a felt connection  and  it kind  of ramify  as that  connection . And  there's  something 
about  just  honoring  that  bug  in my moral  hardware  rather  than  merely  avoiding  it. That  seems  it
seems  like it is leading  to just  finding  greater  happiness  in helping  people  in general , you know , in the
most  effective  ways  in, you know , middling , effective  ways .
[01:16:08.990]
Feeling  what  I felt doing . That  is part  of why  I'm talking  to you now , trying  to truly  get my philanthropic 
house  in order . Right . So it sort  of seems  all of a piece  here . And  I do think  we we need  to figure  out
how  to leverage  the salience  of connection  to other  people  and  the pleasure  of doing  good . And  if we
lose  sight  of that , if we just  keep  saying  that  you can  spend  two  thousand  dollars  here , which  is better 
than  spending  three  thousand  dollars  over  there , completely  disregarding  the experience  people  arehaving , engaging  with  the suffering  of others , I feel  like something  is lost  and  I is another  variable  I
would  throw  in here  is, you know , this  wasn't  an example  of this .
[01:16:52.320]
This  wasn't  a local  problem . I was  I was  helping  to solve . But had  it been  a local  problem , had  I been 
offered  the opportunity  to help  my neighbor , you know , at greater  than  rational  expense , that  might 
have  been  the right  thing  to do. I mean , again , it's falling  into  the guilty  pleasure  been  here  compared 
to the absolutely  optimized , most  effective  way  of relieving  suffering . But I don't  know . I just  feel  like
there's  something  lost  if we're  not in a position  to honor  a variable  like locality  ever .
[01:17:23.450]
We're  not only  building  the world  or affecting  the world  here . We're  building  our own  minds . We're 
building  the very  basis  by which  we would  continue  to do good  in the world  in coming  days  and  weeks
and months  and  years .
[01:17:37.130]
Yeah . So, I mean , I essentially  completely  agree  with  you. I think  it's really  good  that  you supported 
that family . And  yeah , it reminds  me in my own  case  something  that  stayed  with  me. So I lived  in
Oakland , California  for a while  in a very  poor , predominantly  black  neighborhood .
[01:17:53.660]
And I was  just  out. My man  and  woman  kind  of comes  up to me. It's like I asks  if I can  stop  and  help 
for a second . And  I thought  she was  going  to want  help , like carrying  groceries  or something . Be fine .
It turns  out she wanted  me to move  her couch , like, all the way  down  the street , took  like two  hours .
[01:18:12.740]
And I just  don't . And  that  was  my working  day as well , because  a lunch  and  I just  don't  like that  the
use of that  time  at all.
[01:18:21.110]
And why  is that ? And  even  from  a rational  perspective , I'm not saying  that  this  is.
[01:18:26.370]
Oh, I shouldn't  just  merely  shouldn't  beat  myself  up or something , and  I think  it's because . Most  of the
time , we're  just  not the bigger  question  of like what  individual  action  do we do, like in any particular 
case  which . Kind  of moral  philosophy  has  typically  focused  on kind  of act consequentialism , that's 
not typically  the decisions  we face . We face  these  much  larger  decisions  like what  career  to pursue  or
something . Sometimes  those  are more  like actions . But we also  face  the question  of just  what  person
to be, what  kind  of motivations  and  dispositions  do I want  to have .
[01:19:01.240]
And I think  the idea  of me becoming  this  like utility  maximizing  robot  is like utterly  cold  and 
calculating  at a time  all the time , I think  is certainly  not possible  for me, given  just  the fact  that  I am an
embodied  human  being , but also  probably  not desirable  either . I don't  think  you know , I don't  think  that
an effective  altruism  movement  would  have  started  had  we all been  these  cold  utility  maximizing 
robots . And  so I think  cultivating  a personality  such  that  you do get joy and  award  and  motivation 
from  being  able  to help  people  and  get that  feedback .
[01:19:37.420]
And that  is like part  of what  you do in your  life, I actually  think  can  be the best  way  of living  a life.
When  you consider  your  life as a whole  and  in particular , it's not necessarily  doing  those  things , does 
not necessarily  trade  off very  much  at all and  perhaps  even  help  with  the other  things  that  you do. So
in your  case , you get this  award  from  supporting  this  like poverty  stricken  family  with  a disabled  child ,
or get the word  from  helping  people  in your  local  community  that  I'm assuming  you can  channel  and 
like helps  continue  the motivation  to do things  that  might  seem  much  more  alien  or just  harder  to
empathize  with .[01:20:15.400]
And I think  that's  OK. I think  we should  accept  that . And  that's , in fact , should  be encouraged .
[01:20:19.690]
So, yeah , I think , like, it's very  important  once  we take  these  ideas  outside  of the philosophy  seminar 
room  and  actually  try to live them  to appreciate  the instrumental  benefits  of doing  these  kind  of
everyday  actions , as long  as it ultimately  helps  you stand  by this  commitment  to at least  in part , to try
and do just  what  we have , actually , all things  considered . Think  is going  to be best  for the world .
[01:20:42.850]
Yeah . So you mentioned  that  the variable  of time  here  and  this  is another  misconception  about  the
effective  of altruism , that  it is only  a matter  of giving  money  to the most  effective  causes . You  spent  a
lot of time  thinking  about  how  to prioritize  one's  time  and  think  about  doing  good  over  the course  of
one's  life based  on how  one's  spends  one's  time . So in our next  chapter , let's  talk  about  how  a person 
could  think  about  having  a career  that  helps  the world .
[01:21:15.440]
OK, so we're  going  to speak  more  about  the question  of giving  to various  causes  and  how  to do good 
in the world  in terms  of sharing  the specific  resource  of money . But we're  now  talking  about  ones 
time . How  do you think  about  time  versus  money  here ? And  I know  you've  done  a lot of work  on the
topic  of how  people  can  think  about  having  rewarding  careers  that  are net positive . And  you have  a
website , 80000  hours  that  you might  want  to point  people  to hear .
[01:21:47.960]
So just  let's  talk  about  the variable  of time  and  and  how  people  can  spend  it to the benefit  of others .
So the organization  is called  80000  Hours , because  that's  the typical  number  of hours  that  you work 
in the course  of your  life. If that's  her, you know , approximately  40 year  career  working  40 hours  a
week , 50 weeks  a year . So we use that  to illustrate  the fact  that  your  choice  of career  is probably  the
altruistically  speaking , the biggest  decision  you ever  make .
[01:22:20.110]
It's absolutely  enormous . Yet people  spend  very  little  of their  time  really  thinking  through . That 
question , I mean , you might  think  if you go out for dinner , then  you spend  maybe  one  percent  of the
time  that  you would  spend  at dinner  thinking  about  where  to eat like a few  minutes  or something , but
spending  one  percent  of 80000  hours  on, you know , could  a decision  on what  you should  do, that 
would  be 800  hours , enormous  amount  of time .
[01:22:44.600]
But I mean , why  did I do philosophy ? Well , I you know , I liked  it at school .
[01:22:51.140]
I could  have  done  maths , but my dad  did maths  and  I wanted  to differentiate  myself  from  him . Like , I
didn't  have  a very  good  reasoning  process  at all because  we generally  don't , you know , pay this  nearly 
enough  attention . And  certainly  when  it comes  to doing  good , you have  an enormous  opportunity  to
have  a huge  impact  through  your  career . And  so what  80000  hours  does  via its website , via podcast 
and via a small  amount  of one  on one  advising  is try to help  people  figure  out which  careers  are such 
that they  can  have  the biggest  impact .
[01:23:23.370]
And in contrast , you know , this  is a much  you know , the question  of what  charities  that  I need  to is
exceptionally  hard .
[01:23:30.260]
This  is even  harder , again , because  firstly , you'll  be working  at many  different  organizations  over  the
course  of your  life, probably  not just  one . And  secondly , of course , there's  a question  of personal  fact .
Some  people  would  be some  people  are good  at some  things  and  not others  to do with  them . And  so
how  should  you think  about  this ? Well , the most  important  question , I think , is the question  of what caused  to focus  on and  that  involves  big picture  world  view  judgments  and , you know , philosophical 
questions  to so.
[01:24:01.190]
We tend  to think  of the question , of course , selection  by using  the heuristics  of what  causes  and  by a
cause , I mean  a big problem  in the world , like climate  change  or gender  inequality  or poverty  or
factory  farming  or pandemics , the possibility  of pandemics  or I lock  in the values . We look  at those 
causes  in terms  of how  important  they  are. That  is how  many  individuals  are affected  by how  much 
how  neglected  they  are, which  is how  many  resources  are already  going  towards  them .
[01:24:30.980]
And then  finally , how  tractable  they  are, how  much  we can  make  progress  in this  area . And  in
significant  part  because  of those  elastics . That's  why  we've  effective  altruism  has  chosen  the focus 
areas  it has , which  includes  pandemic  preparedness , artificial  intelligence , climate  change , poverty ,
farm  animal  welfare , and  potentially  some  others  as well , like improving  institutional  decision  making 
in some  areas  in scientific  research . And  so that's  by far the biggest  question , I think , because  that 
really  shapes  the entire  direction  of your  career .
[01:25:01.820]
And I think , you know , depending  on the philosophical  assumptions  you put in can  result  in enormous ,
you know , differences  and  impact . Like , do you think  animals  count  at all on or like a lot, I mean ,
would  make  an enormous  difference  in terms  of whether  you ought  to be focusing  on that  simile ?
Like what  weight  do you give  to future  generations  versus  pleasant  generations ?
[01:25:23.060]
Potentially  you can  do hundreds  of times  as much  good  in one  class  area  as you can  in another .
Yeah . And  then  within  that , the question  of where  exactly  to focus  is going  to just  depend  a lot on the
particular  cause  area  where  different  causes  just  have  different  bottlenecks .
[01:25:39.500]
We tend  to find  that , you know , working  at the best  nonprofits  is often  great . Research  is often  great ,
especially  in kind  of new , more  nascent  causes  like safe  development  of artificial  intelligence  or
epidemic  pandemic  preparedness . Often  you need  the such  policy  is often  a very  good  thing  to focus 
on as well . And  in some  areas , especially  where , you know , money  is the real  bottleneck , then , you
know , trying  to do good  through  your  donations  primarily  and  therefore  trying  to take  a job that's  more
lucrative  can  be the way  to go to.
[01:26:11.300]
Yeah , that's  a wrinkle  that  is kind  of counterintuitive  to people . The  idea  that  the best  way  for you to
contribute  might  in fact  be to pursue  the most  lucrative  career  that  you that  you might  be especially 
well placed  to pursue . And  it may  have  no obvious  connection  to doing  good  in the world , apart  from 
the fact  that  you are now  giving  a lot of your  resources  to the most  effective  charities . So if you're  a
rock  star  or a professional  soccer  player  or just  doing  something  that  you love  to do and  you have 
other  reasons  why  you want  to do it, but you're  also  making  a lot of money  that  you can  then  give  to
great  organizations , well , then  it's hard  to argue  that  your  time  would  be better  spent , you know ,
working  in the nonprofit  sector  yourself  or doing  something  where  you wouldn't  be laying  claim  to
those  kinds  of resources .
[01:27:05.000]
Yeah , that's  right .
[01:27:05.780]
And so it can  be so within  the effective  altruism  community , as is now , I think  a minority  of people  are
trying  to do good  in their  career  via the path  of what's  called  earning  to give . And  again , it depends  a
lot on the course  area , so.
[01:27:20.450]What's  the delay ? You  know , how  much  money  is there  relative  to the size  of the cause  already ? And ,
you know , in the case  of things  like scientific  research  or A.I. or pandemic  preparedness , there's 
clearly  just  like a lot more  demand  for altruistically  minded , sensible , competent  people  working  in
these  fields  than  there  is money . Whereas  in the case  of global  health  and  development , there's  just 
yeah , there  were  just  these  interventions  and  programs  that  we could  scale  up with  hundreds  of
millions , billions  of dollars  that  we just  know  work  very  well .
[01:27:52.140]
And they're  that  kind  of money  is kind  of more  of the bottleneck . And  so kind  of going  back  to these 
misconceptions  about  effective  altruism , this  idea  of wanting  to give , it's going  again . It's fairly 
mimetic . People  love  the kinds  of intuitive  it is.
[01:28:06.660]
And, you know , is is one  of the things  we believe . But it's definitely  kind  of minority  path , especially  if
you're  focused  on some  of these  areas  where  there  already  is a lot of potential  funding . If you can ,
more  about  just  how  many  people  can  we have  working  on these  areas .
[01:28:22.470]
This  raises  another  point  where  the whole  culture  around  charity  is not optimized  for attracting  the
greatest  talent . We have  a double  standard  here , which  many  people  are aware  of. I think  it's most 
clearly  brought  out by Dan  Pelada . I don't  know  if you know  him . He gave  a TED  talk  on this  topic  and 
he organized  some  of the bike  rides  across  America  in support  of various  causes . I think  the main  one
was AIDS . He might  have  organized  a cancer  one  as well .
[01:28:53.370]
But, you know , these  are ventures  that  raised , I think , hundreds  of millions  of dollars . And  I think  he
was criticized  for spending  too much  on overhead . But, you know , it's a choice  where  you can  spend ,
you know , less  than  five percent  on overhead  and  raise  ten million  dollars , or you could  spend  30
percent  on overhead  and  raise  four  hundred  million  dollars . What  should  you do? And  it's pretty 
obvious  you should  do the latter  if you're  going  to use those  resources  as well .
[01:29:18.990]
And yet there's  a culture  that  prioritizes  having  the lowest  possible  overhead . And  also  there's  this 
sense  that  if you're  going  to make  millions  of dollars  personally  by starting  a software  company  or
becoming  a an actor  in Hollywood  or whatever  it is, there's  nothing  wrong  with  that . But if you if you're
making  millions  of dollars  a year  running  a charity , well , then  you're  a greedy  bastard . Right ? And  the
idea  that , you know , we wouldn't  fault  someone  from  pursuing  a comparatively  frivolous  and  even 
narcissistic  career  for getting  rich  in the meantime , but we would  fault  someone  who's  trying  to cure 
cancer  or save  the most  vulnerable  people  on Earth  for getting  rich  while  doing  that .
[01:30:08.550]
That  seems  like a bizarre  double  standard  with  respect  to how  we want  to incentivize  people  to marry .
Because  what  what  we're  really  demanding  is someone  come  out of the most  competitive  school .
And when  faced  with  the choice  of whether  or not to work  for a hedge  fund  or work  for a charity  doing
good  in the world , they  have  to also  be someone  who  doesn't  care  about  earning  much  money . So we
need  to sort  of filtering  for sainthood  or something  like sainthood  among  the most  competent 
students  at that  stage .
[01:30:43.860]
And that  seems  less  than  optimal . I don't  know  how  you view  that . Yeah , I think  it's I think  it's a real 
shame  so that , you know , newspapers  have  to publish  rankings  of the top paid  charity  CEOs  and , you
know , the God  to just  kind  of scandal  the charities , therefore  ineffective , but.
[01:31:03.880]
What  we should  really  care  about , if we actually  care  about , you know , the potential  beneficiaries , the
people  we're  trying  to help  is just  how  much  money  are we giving  this  organization  and  how  much 
good  comes  out the other  end . And  if it's the case  that  they  can  achieve  more  because  they  can attract  a more  experienced  and  able  person  to lead  the organization  by paying  more . Now , sure , that's
like it's maybe  a sad  fact  about  the world . It would  be nice  if everyone  were  able  to be maximally 
motivated  purely  by altruism .
[01:31:31.960]
But we know  that's  not the case . Then  if they  can  achieve  more  by doing  that , then , yeah , we should 
be encouraging  them  to do that .
[01:31:40.180]
You know , there's  some  arguments  against  like, oh, well , perhaps  this  kind  of race  to the bottom 
dynamics  where  if one  organization  starts  paying  more  than  other  organizations  should  need  to pay
more  to, and  it just  you get bloat  in the system . I think  that's  the strongest  case  for the idea  of low
overheads  when  it comes  to fundraising , because  if one  organization  is fundraising , well , perhaps  in
part they're  increasing  the total  amount  of charitable  giving  that  happens , but they're  also  probably 
taking  money  away  from  other  organizations .
[01:32:13.030]
And so it can  be the case  that  a general  norm  of lower  overheads  when  it comes  to fundraising  is a
good  one . But when  it comes  to charity  pay, we're  obviously  just  radically  far away  from  that  and  yeah ,
it shows  that  people  are thinking  about  charity  in a kind  of fundamentally  wrong  way , at least , you
know , for the effect  of out his purposes  we're  thinking  of, which  is not thinking  about  it in terms  of
outcomes , but in terms  of the virtues  you demonstrate  or how  much  you sacrifice  or something .
[01:32:42.600]
And ultimately , when  it comes  to these  problems  that  we're  facing , these  terrible  injustices , this 
horrific  suffering , I don't  really  care  whether  the person  that  helps  is virtuous  or not.
[01:32:51.240]
I just  want  the thing . I just  want  the suffering  to stop . I just  I just  want  people  to be helped . And  as
long  as they're  not doing  harm  along  the way , I don't  think  it really  matters  whether  the people  are paid
a lot or a little  more .
[01:33:04.260]
I think  we should  say something  about  the other  side  of this  equation , which  tends  to get.
Emphasized  in most  people's  thinking  about  being  good  in the world , and  this  is the side  of the
consumer  facing  side  of not contributing  to the obvious  harms  in a way  that  is egregious  or, you
know , dialing  down  one's  complicity  in this  unacceptable  status  quo  as much  as possible . And  so this
goes  to things  like becoming  a vegetarian  or a vegan  or avoiding  certain  kinds  of consumerism  based
on concern  about  climate  change .
[01:33:41.730]
There's  a long  list of causes  that  people  get committed  to more . And  in the spirit  of negating  certain 
bad behavior  or polluting  behavior , rather  than  focusing  on on what  they're , in fact , doing  to solve 
problems  or giving  to specific  organizations . Is there  any general  lesson  to be drawn  from  the results 
of these  efforts  on both  fronts ? I mean , how  much  does  harm  avoidance  as a consumer  add  to the
scale  of of merit  here ? What's  the longest  lever  we can  pull?
[01:34:16.360]
Personally , yeah . So I think  there's  a few  things  to say.
[01:34:19.320]
So right  at the start  I mentioned  one  of the key insights  of effective  altruism  is this  idea  that  different 
activities  can  vary  by a factor  of 100000  in terms  of how  much  impact  they  have  and  even  within 
ethical  consumerism , I think  that  happens .
[01:34:35.370]
So if you want  to cut out most  animal  suffering  from  your  diet , I think  you should  cut out chicken  and pigs , maybe  fish , whereas  beef  and  milk , I think  are comparatively  small  factors . If you want  to reduce
your  carbon  footprint , then  giving  up beef  and  lamb , reducing  transatlantic  flights  that  you're  seeing ,
how  much  you drive  makes  significant  differences  and  dozens  of times  as much  impact  as things  like
the cycling  or upgrading  light  bulbs  or using  plastic  bags  from  the purely  consequentialist  outcome 
based  perspective .
[01:35:07.230]
I think  it is systematically  the case  that  these  ethical  consumers  and  behaviors  are small  in terms  of
their  impact  compared  to the impact  that  you can  do via your  donations  of your  career .
[01:35:19.710]
And the reason  is just  there's  a fairly  limited  range  of things  that  you can  do by changing  your 
consumption  behavior . There's  just  things  you are buying  anyway , and  then  you can  stop . Whereas  if
you're  donating  or you're  choosing  a career , then  you can  choose  the fairly  most  effective  things  to be
doing . So take  the case  of being  vegetarian . So I've been  vegetarian  for 15 years  now . I have  no plans 
of stopping  that .
[01:35:43.920]
But if I think  about  how  many  animals  I'm helping  in the course  of a year  as a result  of being 
vegetarian , and  how  does  that  compare  when  I'm looking  at the effectiveness  of the very  most 
effective  animal  welfare  charities ?
[01:35:57.200]
Which  is typically  what  are called  kind  of corporate  campaigns . So it turns  out the most  effective  way 
of reducing  the number  of that  we know  of reducing  the number  of hens  and  factory  farms , laying 
eggs  in just  the most  atrocious , terrible  conditions  of suffering  seems  to be by like campaigning  large 
retailers  to change  the eggs  they  purchased  in the supply  chain . You  can  actually  get almost  a lot of
push  there . And  the figures  are just  like astonishing . It's like something  like, you know , 50 animals  that
you're  preventing  the significant  torture  of for every  dollar  that  you're  spending  on these  campaigns .
[01:36:34.640]
And so if you just  do the maths , like the amount  of good  you do by becoming  vegetarian  is equivalent 
to the amount  of good  you do by donating  a few  dollars  to these  very  most  effective  campaigns . I
think  similarly  is true  for the juicing  your  carbon  footprint . My current  favorite  climate  change  charity ,
Clean  Air Task  Force , which  lobbies  the U.S.  government  to improve  its regulations  around  fossil  fuels
and promotes  energy  innovation  as well , I think  probably  reduces  a ton of CO2  for about  about  a
dollar .
[01:37:06.170]
And that  means  if you're  in the U.S. , an average  U.S.  citizen  emits  about  16 tons  of carbon  dioxide 
equivalent .
[01:37:12.380]
If you did all of these  most  effective  things  of cutting  out meat  and  all your  transatlantic  flights  and 
getting  rid of your  car and  so on, you might  be able  to reduce  that  sextons  or so. And  that's , you know ,
the same  as giving  about  six dollars  to the most  effective  charities .
[01:37:28.640]
And so it just  does  seem  that  these  are just  much  more  powerful  from  the perspective  of outcomes .
The next  question  philosophically  is whether  you have  some  non  consequentialist  reason  to do these 
things . And  they  have  I think  it differs . So I think  the case  is much  longer  for becoming  vegetarian 
than  for climate  change , because  if I buy a factory  farm  chicken  and  then  donate  to a corporate 
campaign , well , I probably  harmed  different  chickens .
[01:38:00.320]
And it seems  like that's  you know , you can  offset  the harm  to one  individual  by a benefit  to another 
individual . Whereas  if I have  a lifetime  of emissions , but at the same  time  donate  a sufficient  amount to climate  change  charities , I've probably  just  reduced  the total  amount  of CO2  going  into  the
atmosphere  over  the course  of my lifetime .
[01:38:19.520]
And there  isn't  anyone  who's  harmed  an expectation , at least  by the entire  course  of my life. And  so
it's not like I'm trading  a harm  to one  person  for the benefit  to another . But these  are quite  these  are
quite  subtle  issues  when  we get into  these  kind  of non  consequentialist  reasons .
[01:38:37.040]
Yeah , there  are also  ways  in which  the business  community  and  innovation  in general  can  come  to
the rescue  here . So, for instance , there's  a company , I believe  the name  is going  to be changed . But it
was it was  called  Memphis'  Meets  that  is spearheading  this  this  revolution  in what's  called  cultured 
meat  or clean  meat , where  they , you know , they  take  a single  cell from  an animal  and  amplify  it. So no
animals  are killed  in the process  of making  these  steaks  or these  meatballs  or these  chicken  cutlets .
[01:39:07.460]
And they're  trying  to bring  this  to scale . And  I had  the CEO  whom  a on my podcast  a couple  of years 
ago and  actually  invested  in in the company  along  with  many  other  people . And  hopefully  this  will
bear  fruit . That  set an example  of something  where  though  it was  unthinkable  some  years  ago , we
might  suddenly  find  ourselves  living  in a world  where  you can  buy steak  and  hamburger  meat  and 
pork  and  chicken  without  harming  any animals . And  it may  also  have  other  significant  benefits  like
cutting  down  on zino  viruses .
[01:39:43.160]
And and , you know , that  connects  to the pandemic  risk issue . I mean , we're  really  working  our factory 
farms  are wet  markets  of another  sort . And  so it is with  climate  change  on some  level , we're  waiting 
and expecting  for technology  to come  to the rescue  here  where  it's bringing  down  the cost  of
renewable  energy  to the point  where  it's there  is literally  no reason  to be using  fossil  fuels  or bringing 
us a new  generation , a new  generation  of nuclear  reactors  that  don't  have  any of the downsides  of old
ones .
[01:40:15.770]
And again , this  does  connect  to the concern  I had  around  the fancy  lifeboat . We have  to do the
necessary  things  in our lifeboat  that  allow  for those  kinds  of breakthroughs  because , you know , those 
are the in many  cases  the solutions  that  just  fundamentally  take  away  the problem  rather  than  merely 
mitigate  it. Yes .
[01:40:38.980]
So I totally  agree . And  I think  that . So in the case  of. You  know , if you're  trying  to alleviate  animal 
suffering  by as much  as possible , I think  that , yeah , funding  research  into  clean  meats , plausibly  the
best  thing  you can  do, it's hard  to make  a comparison  with  the more  direct  campaigns , but definitely 
possibly  the best  in the case  of climate  change  have  recently  been  pretty  convinced  that  the most 
effective  thing  we can  be doing  is promoting  clean  energy  innovation .
[01:41:07.310]
In this  case , this  is another  example  of importance  versus  neglecting  this  where  you mentioned 
renewables  and  they  are really  key part  of the part  of the solution  that  other  areas  really  notably  more 
neglected . So carbon  capture  and  storage  where  you're  capturing  CO2 , is it as it emerges  from  fossil 
fuel, power  plants  and  nuclear  power  get quite  a small  amount  of funding  compared  to solar  and 
wind , even  though  the Intergovernmental  Panel  on Climate  Change  thinks  that  they're  also  a very  large
part of the solution .
[01:41:40.010]
But here , I think  the distinction  is focusing  on issues  in which  countries  in order  to benefit  people  in
those  rich  countries  or kind  of as a means  to some  other  sort  of benefit . And  so I think  it's very  often 
the case  that  you should  focus  on, like you might  be sending  money  towards  things  happening  in a
rich country  like the U.S. , but not because  you're  trying  to benefit  people  in the U.S. , because  you're trying  to benefit  the world . So maybe  you're  funding .
[01:42:05.300]
Yeah , there's  clean  meat  start  up or you're  funding  research  into  low carbon  forms  of energy . And 
sure , like that  might  happen  in the US, which  is still the world's  research  leader . That's  very  justified .
But that's  kind  of partly  the beneficiaries  and  the use of these  things . But it's also  it's you know , it's
global . It's future  generations , too. You're  kind  of influencing , as it were , the people  who  are in
positions  of power , who  have  the most  influence  over  how  things  are going  to go into  the future .
[01:42:36.180]
OK, so in our next  chapter , let's  talk  about  how  we build  effective  altruism  into  our lives  and  just  make 
this as personally  actionable  for people  as we can . OK, so we've  sketched  the basic  framework  of
effective  altruism  and  just  how  we think  about  systematically  evaluating  various  causes , how  we how 
we think  about , you know , what  would  be prioritized  with  respect  to things  like actual  outcomes 
versus  a good  story . And  we've  referenced  a few  things  that  are now  in the the effect  of altruist 
canon , like giving  a minimum  of 10 percent  of one's  income  a year .
[01:43:22.100]
And that's  really , if I'm not mistaken , you just  took  that  as a nice  round  number  that  people  had  some 
traditional  associations  with . You  know , in religious  communities , there's  a notion  of tithing  that 
amount . And  it seemed  like not so large  as to be impossible  to contemplate , but not so small  as to be
ineffectual . Mm  hmm . Maybe  let's  start  there . How  so? Am I right  in thinking  that  the 10 percent 
number  just  was  kind  of pulled  out of a hat, but seemed  like a good  starting  point , but there's  nothing 
about  it that's  carved  in stone  from  your  point  of view .
[01:43:57.020]
Exactly . It's not it's not a magic  number , but it's just  it's in this  Goldilocks  zone  where  Toby  originally 
had had  the thought  that  he would  be promoting  what  he calls  the further  pledge , which  is where  you
just set a cap  on your  income  and  give  everything  above  that . But the issue , I think , seems  pretty  clear 
that if he'd  been  promoting  that , well , very  few  people  would  have  joined  him . We do have  a number  of
people  who've  taken  the further  pledge , but it's a very  small  minority  of the 5000  members  we have .
[01:44:26.150]
On the other  hand , if we were  promoting  a one  percent  pledge , let's  say, well , we're  probably  just  not
changing  people's  behavior  compared  to how  much  they  donate  anyway .
[01:44:34.070]
So in the UK, people  donate  on average  point  seven  percent  of the income . And  the US, if you include 
educational  donations  and  church  donations , people  donate  about  two  percent  of their  income . So if I
was saying , oh, we should  donate  one  percent , probably  those  people  would  have  been  giving  one 
percent  anyway . And  so we thought  10 percent  is in this  Goldilocks  zone . And  like you say, it has  this 
long  history  where  for religious  reasons , people  much  poorer  than  us.
[01:45:00.200]
And earlier , historically  parks  have , you know , been  able  to donate  10 percent . We also  have  10
fingers . It's a nice  round  number .
[01:45:08.030]
But, you know , many  people  who  are part  of the community  donate  much  more  than  that . Many 
people  who , you know , affirm  call people  part  of the effective  altruism  community  don't  donate  that 
much . They  do good  via other  other  ways . Instead , it's interesting  to consider  the psychology  of this 
because  I can  imagine  many  people  entertaining  the prospect  of giving  10 percent  of their  money 
away  and  feeling , well , I could  easily  do that  if I were  rich , but I can't  do that  now .
[01:45:39.320]
And I can  imagine  many  rich  people  thinking , well , that's . A lot of money , right ? It's like every  year  after
year  I'm making  a lot of money , and  you're  telling  me year  after  year  after  year  I'm going  to give  10percent  away , you know , that's  millions  of dollars  a year . So it could  be the fact  that  there's  no point 
on the continuum  of of earning  where  if you're  of a certain  frame  of mind , it's going  to seem  like a
Goldilocks  value  isn't  you either  feel  too poor  or too rich  and  there's  no sweet  spot  or, you know , to flip
that around , you can  recognize  that  however  much  money  you're  making , you can  always  give  10
percent  to the most  effective  ways  of alleviating  suffering .
[01:46:25.640]
Once  you have  this  epiphany , you can  always  find  those  10 percent  at every  point . And  if you're  not
making  much  money , obviously  10 percent  will be a small  amount  of money . And  if you're  making  a
lot of money , it'll be a large  amount . But there's  almost  all it's almost  always  the case  that  there's  10
percent  of fat there  to be found . So, yeah . So did you have  thought  about  just  the psychology  of
someone  who  feels  not immediately  comfortable  with  the idea  of making  such  a commitment ?
[01:46:53.660]
Yeah , I think  there's  two  things  I'd like to say to that  person . One  is the kind  of direct  argument . The 
second  is more  pragmatic . The  direct  one  is just  that  even  if you feel  like, oh, I could  donate  that 
amount  if I were  rich , probably  you are rich . And  if you're  listening  to this , so as a if you're  single  and 
you earn  sixty  six thousand  dollars , then  you're  in the global  one  percent  of the world  in terms  of
income  distribution .
[01:47:21.680]
And what's  more , even  after  donating  10 percent  of your  income , you would  still be in the richest  one 
percent  of the world's  population . If you earn  thirty  thirty  five thousand  dollars , which , you know , we
would  not think  of as being  a rich  person , even  after  donating  10 percent , still being  the richest  five
percent  of the world's  population  and  learning  those  facts  was  very  motivating  for me when  I first 
started  thinking  about  my giving .
[01:47:45.080]
So that's  kind  of a direct  argument  for the more  pragmatic  one  is to think , well , if you're  at most 
stages  in your  life, you'll  be earning  more  in the future  than  you are now .
[01:47:57.110]
You know , people's  incomes  tend  to increase  over  time , and  you might  just  reflect , well , how  do I feel 
about  money  at the moment ? And  if you feel  kind  of ovie  about  it, you know , perhaps  you're  in a
situation  where  you're  like, oh, no, I'm actually  just  very  worried . It's like serious  health  issues  or
something . Then  it's like, OK, we'll  take  care  of that  first , if you like. Well , actually , you know , most 
people , they  don't  think  additional  money  will make  that  much  of a difference .
[01:48:21.020]
Then  what  you can  do is just  think , OK, maybe  I'm not going  to give  up to 10 percent  now , but I'll give  a
very significant  proportion  of the additional  money  I make  any future  raises .
[01:48:31.650]
So maybe  I get 50 percent  of that  amount  and  probably  after  that  means  that  you're  still increasing 
the amount  you're  earning  over  time . But at the same  time , you're  you know , if you do that , then  over 
the few  years  you're  probably  quite  soon  end  up giving  10 percent  of your  overall  income . So at no
point  in this  plan  do you ever  have  to go backwards , as it were , living  on less . In fact , you're  always 
earning  more , but yet you're  giving  more  at the same  time .
[01:48:55.850]
And I've certainly  found  that  in my own  life where , you know , I started  thinking  about  giving  as a
graduate  student . So, you know , I now  earn  you know , I now  live on like twice  as much  more  than 
twice  as much  as I did when  I first  started  giving . But I'm also  able  to give , you know , a significant 
amount  of of my income .
[01:49:15.080]
Remind  me, how  have  you approached  this  personally ? Because  you haven't  taken  a minimum  10percent  plans . You  think  of it differently . So what  have  you done  over  the years ? Yeah . So, you know ,
so I have  taken  the giving  what  we can  pledge , which  is 10 percent  of any point . And  then  I also  have 
intention  and  and  plan  to donate  everything  above  what  is the equivalent  of 20000  pounds  per year  in
Oxford  2009 , which  is now  about  twenty  seven  thousand  pounds  per year .
[01:49:44.060]
I've never  written  this  down . It's like a formal  pledge . The  reason  being  that  they  were  just  too many 
possible  kind  of exceptions . So if I had  kids , I'd want  to increase  that . If there  were  situations  where  I
thought  my ability  to do good  in the world  would  be like very  severely  hindered , I'd want  to kind  of
avoid  that . But that  is the amount  that  I'm giving  at the moment  and  it's the amount  I plan  to give  for
the rest  of my life, just  so I understand .
[01:50:06.900]
So you see, you're  giving  anything  you make  above  twenty  seven  thousand  pounds  a year  to charity .
[01:50:14.400]
That's  right . Yeah , that's  right . Post-tax . And  so my income  is a little  bit complicated  in terms  of how 
you evaluate  it, because  it's my university  income , but then  also  book  sales  and  so on. I think  on the
most  natural  and  it's things  like speaking  engagements . I don't  take  that . I could  I think  on the most 
natural  way  of doing  it, I give  a little  over  50 percent  of my income .
[01:50:36.020]
So I want  to explore  that  with  you a little  bit, because , again , I'm returning  to our fancy  lifeboat  and 
wondering . Just  how  fancy  it can  be in a way  that's  compatible  with  the project  of doing  the most 
good  in the world  and  what  I detect  in myself  and  in most  of the people  I meet , and  I'm sure  in this  is
an intuition  that  is shared  by many  of our listeners . Many  people  will be reluctant  to give  up on the
aspiration  to be wealthy  with  everything  that  that  implies .
[01:51:11.130]
You know , obviously  they  want  to work  hard  and  make  their  money  in a way  that  is good  for the world ,
or at least  benign . They  can  follow  all of the ethical  arguments  that  would  say, you know . Right .
Livelihood  in some  sense  is important . But if people  really  start  to succeed  in life, I think  there's 
something  that  will strike  many  people , if not most , as to abstemious  and  monkish  about  the lifestyle 
you're  advertising  in choosing  to live on that  amount  of money  and  give  away  everything  above  it or
even  just , you know , giving  away  50 percent  of one's  income .
[01:51:56.400]
And again , I think  it does  actually  connect  with  the question  of effectiveness . I mean , like it's at least 
possible  that  you would  be more  effective  if you were  wealthy  and  living  with  all that , all that  that 
entails  living  as a wealthy  person . And  I mean , just  to take  by example  someone  like Bill Gates , you
know , he's  obviously  the most  extreme  example  I could  find  because  he's  you know , he's  one  of the
wealthiest  people  on earth . Still , I think  is number  two , perhaps .
[01:52:26.160]
And he's  also  the the probably  well  established  now . He's  the biggest  benefactor  of charity  in human 
history . Perhaps  the Gates  Foundation  has  been  funded  to the tune  of tens  of billions  of dollars  by
him at this  point . And  so I'm sure  he's  spent  a ton of money  on himself  and  his family . Right . His his
life is probably  filled  to the brim  with  luxury , but his indulgence  in luxury  is still just  a rounding  error  on
the amount  of money  he's  giving  away .
[01:52:58.290]
Right . So it's it's actually  hard  to run a counterfactual  here , but I'd be willing  to bet that  Gates  would  be
less effective  and  less  wealthy  and  and  have  less  money  to give  away  if he were  living  like a monk  in
any sense . And  I think  maybe  more  importantly , his life would  be less  inspiring , less  inspiring  example
to many  other  wealthy  people . If Bill Gates  came  out of the closet  and  said , listen , I'm I'm living  on fifty
thousand  dollars  a year  and  giving  all my money  away  to charity , that  wouldn't  have  the same  kind  of
kindling  effect , I think  is life at this  point  is in fact  having , which  is you can  really  have  your  cake  and eat it, too.
[01:53:41.010]
You can  be a billionaire  who  lives  in a massive  smart  house  with  all that  sexy  technology , even  fly
around  on a private  jet and  be the the most  charitable  person  in human  history . And  if you just  think  of
the value  of his time . Right , like if he were  living  a more  abstemious  life and  I mean , just  imagine  the
side of Bill Gates  spending  an hour  trying  to save  50 dollars  on a on a new  toaster  oven . Right . You 
know , bargain  hunting .
[01:54:10.350]
It would  be such  a colossal  waste  of his time  given  the value  of his time . Again , I don't  I don't  have  any
specifics , really , about  how  how  to think  about  this  counterfactual . But I do have  a general  sense  that 
it actually  this  is actually  a point  you made  in our first  conversation , I believe , which  is you don't  want 
to be an anti-hero  in any sense . Right . You  want  to like if you can  inspire  only  one  other  person  to give 
at the level  that  you are giving , you have  doubled  the good  you can  do in the world .
[01:54:40.350]
So on some  level , you want  your  life to be the most  compelling  advertisement  for this  whole  project .
And I'm just  wondering  if I mean , for instance , I'm just  wondering  what  changes  we would  want  to
make  to, you know , Bill Gates , his life at this  point  to make  him  an even  more  inspiring  advertisement 
for effective  altruism  to other  very , very  wealthy  people . Right . And  I mean , it might  be dialing  down 
certain  things , but given  how  much  good  he's  able  to do him , buying  a fancy  car is just  it doesn't  even 
register  in terms  of actual  allocation  of resources .
[01:55:21.540]
So anyway , I pitched  that  to you. Yeah , it's terrific . I think  so.
[01:55:25.800]
There's  three  different  stands  I think  I'd like to pick  apart . So the first  is whether  everyone  should  be
like me. And  I really  don't  want  to make  the claim . I certainly  don't  want  to say, well , I can  do this  thing 
so everyone  else  can  because  I really  just  think  I am in a position  of such . ATAP  Ravlich , so being , you
know , born  into , you know , a middle  class  family  in a rich  country , being  privately  educated , going  to
Cambridge , then  Oxford  and  Cambridge  and  Oxford , being  like like tall and  male  and  white  and 
broadly  they  like and  then  also  just  having  kind  of inexpensive  tastes  like my ideal  day involves  sitting 
on a couch  and  drinking  tea and  reading  some  interesting  new  research  and  perhaps  like.
[01:56:15.550]
Doing  going  well , swimming  it all. Yeah , and  then  secondly , also , I have  just  these  amazing  benefits  in
virtue  of the work  that  I do. I have  this  incredibly  like I meet  these  incredibly  varied , interesting  kind  of
array  of people . And  so I just  don't  really  think  I could  stand  here  and  say, well , everyone  should  do the
same  as me, because  I think  I've just  had  it kind  of so easy  that  it doesn't  really  feel  like, you know , if I
think  about  the sacrifices  I have  made  or the things  I found  hard  over  the course  of 10 years .
[01:56:48.350]
That's  much  more  like doing  scary  things , like being  on the Sam  Harris  podcast  or doing  a TED  talk  or,
you know , meeting , you know , fairly  wealthy  or very  important  people , things  that  might  kind  of cause 
anxiety  much  more  than  the kind  of financial  side  of things . But I recognize  there  are other  people  for
whom , like money  just  really  matters  to them . And  I think  you just  in part , you're  kind  of born  with  a set
of preferences  on these  things , or perhaps  they're  molded  early  on in childhood  and  you don't 
necessarily  have  control  over  them .
[01:57:18.830]
So that's  kind  of me as an yeah . What  I'm trying  to convey  with  this  second  is the time  value  of
money . And  this  is something  I've really  wrestled  with  because  it just  is the case  that  in terms  of my
personal  impact , my donations  are just . A very  small  part  of that , because , you know , we have  been 
successful , we are, you know , giving  what  we can , has  now  moved  200  million  dollars . This  about  one 
and a half  billion  dollars  of pledged  donations .[01:57:49.950]
The movement  as a whole  certainly  has  over  10 billion  dollars  of assets  that  kind  of will be going  out.
And then , you know , I'm donating  my, you know , thousands  of pounds . Yeah . And  that  does  not make 
tens  of thousands  of pounds  per year . And  it's is just  very  clearly  kind  of small  on the scale . And  so
that's  definitely  something  I've wrestled  with . I don't  think  I lose  enormous  amounts  of time . My guess
is that  it's maybe  a couple  of days  of time  a year .
[01:58:16.510]
I have  done  some  things . So like, you know , via my work , I have  an assistant . If I'm doing  business 
trips  like that  counts  as expenses  and  my personal  money . So I'm trying  to keep  it separate . There's 
some  things  you can't  do. So like if you live close  to your  office , you know , I can't  count  that  as a
business  expense , but shorten  your  commute . So it's not, like, perfect  as a way  of doing  that .
[01:58:38.290]
And so I do think  there's  an argument , an argument  against  that . And  I think  that  is definitely  a reason 
of caution  for making  kind  of a very  large  commitment . And  then  the final  aspect  is. Yeah , what  sort 
of message  you want  to send . And  probably  my guess  is that  you just  want  a bit of market 
segmentation  here  where  some  people  should  you know , some  people  should  perhaps  show  what 
can be done . Others  should  show . Well , no, actually , you can  have  this  amazing  life while , you know ,
not having  to wear  the hair  shirt  and  so on.
[01:59:09.940]
You know , I think  perhaps  you could  actually  convince  me that  maybe  I'm, you know , sending  the
wrong  message  and  would  do more  good  if I had  some  other  sort  of pledge . And  maybe  you would  be
right  about  that . I definitely  when  I made  these  plans , I wasn't  thinking  through  these  things  quite  as
carefully  as I was  now . But I did want  to I just  want  to just  kind  of show  a proof  of concept . Yeah . I
guess  I'm I'm wondering  if there's  a path  through  this  wilderness  that  doesn't  stigmatize  wealth  at all.
[01:59:39.450]
In the end  game  for me, in the presence  of absolute  abundance  is, you know , everyone  gets  to live like
Bill Gates  on some  level . If we make  it if we get to the twenty  second  century  and  we solve  the
alignment  problem  and  now  we're  just  pulling  wealth  out of the ether , I mean , essentially  just  we've 
got Deutsch's  universal  constructor's , you know , building  every  machine  atom  by atom , and  we can  do
more  or less  anything  we want .
[02:00:08.530]
Well , then  this  can't  be based  on an ethic  where  wealth  is. Is it all stigmatized  or should  have 
opprobrium  attached  to it is a total  disconnection  from  the suffering  of other  people  and  comfort  with
the more  shocking  disparities  in wealth  that  we see all around  us. Once  a know , reasonably 
successful  person  signs  on to the the effect  of altruist  ethic  and  begins  thinking  about  his or her life
in terms  of earning  to give . On some  level , there's  a flywheel  effect  here  where  one's  desire  to be
wealthy  actually  amplifies  one's  commitment  to giving .
[02:00:56.140]
So that  in part  the reason  why  you would  continue  working  is because  you have  an opportunity  to give
so much  money  away  and  do so much  good  and  it kind  of purifies  one's  earning  in the first  place . I
mean , like I can  imagine , most  wealthy  people  get to a point  where  they're  making  enough  money  so
that they  don't  have  to worry  about  money  anymore . And  then  there's  this  question , well , why  am I
making  all this  money ? Why  am I still working ?
[02:01:24.250]
And the moment  they  decide  to give  a a certain  amount  of money  away  a year , just  algorithmically ,
then  they  feel  like, OK, if this  number  keeps  going  up, that  is a good  thing . Right ? So, like, I can  get out
of bed  in the morning  and  know  that  today , you know , if it's 10 percent , you know , one  day and  10 is
given  over  wholly  to solving  the worst  suffering  or saving  the most  lives  or mitigating  the the worst 
long  term  risk.[02:01:51.340]
And if it's 20 percent , it's, you know , two  days  out of ten. And  if it's 30 percent , it's three  days  out of
ten. And  they  could  even  dial it up. I'm I'm just  imagining , let's  say somebody  is making  ten million 
dollars  a year  and  he thinks , OK, I can  sign  on and  give  10 percent  of my income  away  to charity . That 
sounds  like the right  thing  to do. And  he's  persuaded  that  this  should  be the minimum .
[02:02:11.260]
And he but he then  aspires  to scale  this  up as he earns  more  money . You  know , maybe  this  would  be
the algorithm . You  know , for each  million  he makes  more  a year . He just  adds  the percentage  of he's 
making . Fourteen  million  one  year , he'll  he'll  give  fourteen  percent  of his income  away . If it's 50
million , he'll  give  50 percent  away . Right . And  obviously , if let's  say the minimum  he wants  to make  is
nine  million  a year , well , then  he can  get to.
[02:02:37.320]
Up to 91 percent  of 100  million  dollars  a year , you can  give  that  away , but I can  imagine  being  a very 
wealthy  person  who , you know , as you're  scaling  one  of these  outlier  careers , it would  be, you know ,
fairly  thrilling  to be the person  who's  making  100  million  dollars  that  year , knowing  that  you're  going  to
give ninety  one  percent  of that  away  to the most  effective  charities . And  you might  not be the person 
who  would  have  seen  any other  logic  in driving  to that  kind  of wealth .
[02:03:10.890]
You know , when  you were  the person  who  was  making  ten million  dollars  a year  because  ten million 
dollars  a year  was  good  enough , I mean , obviously  you can  live on that . You  know , there's  nothing  that
materially  is going  to change  for you as you make  more  money . But because  he or she plugged  in to
this this  earning  to give  logic  and  in some  ways  the greater  commitment  to earning  was  was 
leveraged  by a desire  to maintain  a wealthy  lifestyle .
[02:03:37.530]
Right . So I guess  this  person  does  want  nine  million  dollars  a year . Right , every  year . But now  they're 
much  wealthier  than  that  and  giving  much  more  money  away . I'm just  trying  to figure  out how  we can 
capture  the imagination  of people  who  would  see the example  of Bill Gates  and  say, OK, that's  that's 
the sweet  spot , as opposed  to any kind  of example  that , however , subtly  stigmatizes  being  wealthy  in
the first  place . Hmm . Yeah , I think  these  are good  points  and .
[02:04:09.900]
It's true , I think  the stigma  and  wealth , per say, is not a good  thing  where , you know , if you build  a
company  that's  doing  good  stuff  and  people  like the products  and  they  get value  from  it. And  so
there's  enormous  surpluses  of gains  from  trade  and  you get wealthy  as a result  of that . That's  a good 
thing . Obviously , there  are some  people  who , like, make  enormous  amounts  of money  doing  bad 
things , selling  opioids  or building  factory  farms , but I don't  think  that's  the majority .
[02:04:37.670]
And I do think  it's the case  that , you know , it's kind  of like optimal  taxation  theory . But you the weird 
thing  is that  you're  imposing  the tax on yourself  where  depending  on your  psychology , if you, you
know , say I'm going  to give  100  percent  as the highest  tax rate . Well , you're  not incentivized  to earn 
anymore . And  so the precise  amount  that  you want  to give  is just  quite  sensitive  to this  question  of
just how  unmotivated  you're  going  to be in order  to earn  more .
[02:05:05.720]
So in my own  case , you know , I'm not it's very  clear  that  I'm the way  I'm going  to do good  is not
climatically  via my donations . So perhaps  this  disincentive  effect  is not very  important . But if my aim 
were  to get as little  as possible , then , well , I need  to really  look  inside  my own  psychology , figured  out
how  much , especially  over  the entire  course  of my life, can  I be motivated  by pure  altruism  versus 
self-interest .
[02:05:33.230]And I strongly  doubt  that  the kind  of optimal  tax rate  would  be, you know , via my donations  would  be
100 percent . It would  be something  in between .
[02:05:41.540]
That's  what  I'm kind  of fishing  for here . And , you know , by no means  am convinced  that  I'm right . But
I'm just  wondering  if, in addition  to all the other  things  you want , you know , as revealed  in this 
conversation , you know , for yourself  and  the world  and , you know , acknowledging  that  your  you know ,
your  primary  contribution  to doing  good  in the world  might , in fact , be your  ideas  and  your  ability  to
get them  out there .
[02:06:05.720]
I mean , like you've  had  the effect  you've  had  on me, and  I'm going  to have  my effect  on on my
audience . And , you know , conversations  like this  have  the effect  that  they  have . And  so there's  no
question  you are inspiring  people  to marshal  their  resources  in these  directions  and  think  more  clearly
about  these  issues . But what  if it were  also  the case  that  if you secretly  really  wanted  to own  a Ferrari ,
you would  actually  make  different  decisions  such  that  in addition  to all the messaging , you would  also
become  a very  wealthy  person , giving  away  a lot of money ?
[02:06:42.470]
Yeah , I mean , if it was  the case , you know , if it was  the case  that  I was  planning  to earn , to give . And 
so I think  a very  common  kind  of figure  for people  who  are going  to earn , to give  via entrepreneurship 
or other  high , high  end  and  careers  is a 50 percent  figure  where  they  plan  to give  half  of what  they 
earn  at least  once  they  start  earning  a significant  amount . And  that  has  seemed  to work  pretty  well 
from  the people  I know .
[02:07:08.990]
It's also  notably  the figure  that  Bill Gates  uses  for his giving  pledge  where  billionaires  can  join the
giving  pledge  if they  give  at least  50 percent  of their  income  of their  wealth . Most  take  that  pledge , if
I'm not mistaken , is pushed  off to the end  of their  life, rather , just  imagine  they're  going  to give  it upon 
their  death  to charity .
[02:07:29.330]
So you are allowed  to do that ? I know . I don't  know  exactly  the proportions . It varies  like the tech .
Tech  founders  tend  to give  earlier  than  other  sorts  of people , I'm also  not just  I'm actually  a little  bit
confused  about  what  pledging  50 percent  of your  wealth  means .
[02:07:45.470]
So if I am a billionaire  one  year  and  then  lose  half  my money  and  I've got 500  million  dollars  the next 
year , do I have  to give  half  of that  or do I have  to give  half  of the amount ? When  I pledge , which  would 
have  been  all my money  anyway , confuses  me a little  bit. The  details  of it. But it is the case  that  yeah ,
you can  fulfill  your  pledge  completely  in the giving  pledge  by donating  entirely  after  your  death .
[02:08:11.120]
And there  are questions  about  how  much  people  actually . Fulfill  these  pledges  to right , but then  yeah ,
and I think  and  I really  do want  to say, like, that's  also  just  quite  reasonable . Different  people  have 
different  attitudes  to money . I think  it's a very  rare  person  indeed  that  can  be entirely  motivated , you
know , and  because  we're  talking  about  motivation  over  decades  and  we're  talking  about  every  single 
day, motivation  can  be motivated  at all times  by pure  altruism .
[02:08:38.030]
I think  that's  very  hard . And  so if someone  instead  wants  to pick , you know , percentage  number  and  to
that, that  seems  like a sensible  way  to go. And  in particular , you want  to be sustainable  where  if it's
the case  that  moving  from , I don't  know , 50 percent  to 60 percent  means  that  actually  you like your 
desire  to do all of this  kind  of burns  out and  you go and  do something  else  that's  very  bad  indeed . And
you want  to be someone  who's  like.
[02:09:06.090]You know , I think  the right  attitude  you want  to have  towards  giving  is not to be someone  where  it's
like, oh yeah , I'm giving  this  amount , but it's just  so hard . And  I like I really  don't  like my life and  it's
unpleasant . That  is, you know , not an inspiring  message . Julia  Wise  has  this  wonderful  member  of the
effects  of Elton's  community , has  this  wonderful  post  called  cheerfully , where  she talks  about  having 
kids and  thinking  about  that  as a question  and  says  that  know  what  you want  to be is this  model , this 
ideal  where  you are doing  what  you're  doing  and  you're  saying , God , my life is great , I'm able  to do this 
and I'm still having  a really  wonderful  life.
[02:09:41.700]
That's  certainly  how  I feel  about  my life. And  I think  for many  people  who  are going  into  these  higher 
learning  careers  saying , yeah , I'm donating  50 percent  and  my life is still like, absolutely  awesome , in
fact, is better  as a result  of the amount  and  donating . That's  the sweet  spot  I think  that  you want  to
hit.
[02:09:57.720]
There's  another  issue  here  around  how  public  to be around  one's  giving . And  so, you know , you and  I
are having  a public  conversation  about  all of this . And  this  is just , by its very  nature , violating  a a norm
that we've  all inherited  or a norm  or a pseudo  norm  around  generosity  and  altruism , which  suggests 
that the highest  form  of generosity  is to give  anonymously . There's  a Bible  verse  around  this  one 
where  your  virtue  on your  sleeve , you don't  want  to advertise  your  generosity  because  that  conveys 
this message  that  you're  doing  it for reasons  of self  aggrandizement .
[02:10:41.730]
You're  doing  it to enhance  your  reputation . You  want  your  name  on the side  of the building , whereas  if
you were  really  just  connected  to the cause  of doing  good , you would  do all of this  silently  and  people 
would  find  out after  your  death , or maybe  they  would  never  find  out that  you were  the one  who  had 
secretly  donated  millions  of dollars  to cure  some  terrible  disease  or to buy bed  nets . And  yet, you
know , you and  I buy by association  here , have  flip that  that  ethic  on its head , because  it seems  to be
important  to change  people's  thinking  around  all of the issues  we've  been  discussing .
[02:11:22.230]
And the only  way  to do that  is to really  discuss  them . And  what's  more , we're  leveraging  a concern 
about  reputation  kind  of from  the opposite  side  in recognizing  that  taking  a pledge  has  psychological 
consequences . Right ? I mean , when  you publicly  commit  to do something  that  not only  advertises  to
people  that  this  is the sort  of project  a human  being  can  become  enamored  of, you then  have  a
reputational  cost  to worry  about  if you decide  that  you're  going  to renege  on your  your  offer .
[02:11:53.370]
So talk  for a few  minutes  about  the significance  of talking  about  any of this  in the first  place . Yeah .
[02:12:01.410]
So I think  the public  aspect  is very  important  and  it's for the reasons  you mentioned  earlier , that  take 
the amount  of goods  that  you're  going  to do in your  life via donations  and  then  just  think , can  I
convince  one  other  person  to do the same ? If so, you've  doubled  your  impact . You've  done  your  life's 
work  over  again . And  I think  possibly  people  can  do that  many  times  over , at least  in the world  today 
by being  this  kind  of inspirational  role  model  for others .
[02:12:27.150]
And so I think  this  religious  tradition  where , no, you shouldn't  show  the generosity  you're  doing , you
should  keep  that  secret . I think  that  looks  pretty  bad  from  an outcome , an outcome  oriented 
perspective . And  I think  you need  to be careful  about  how  you're  doing  it. You  want  to be effective  in
your  communication  as well  as your  giving  where , you know , it was  very  notable  that  Peter  Singer  had 
these  arguments  and  giving  for almost  four  decades  with  comparatively  little  uptake , certainly 
compared  to the last  10 years  of the effective  altruism  movement .
[02:12:59.190]
And, you know , my best  hypothesis  is that  move  them  a framing  that  appeals  primarily  to guilt , which is, you know , it's a low that  I was  motivation . You  don't  often  get up and  start  really  doing  things  on
the basis  of guilt  to inspiration , instead  saying  like, no, this  is amazing  opportunity  we have . And  so
this is a norm  that  I just  really  want  to change . You  know , in the long  run, I would  like it to be a part  of
common  sense  morality  that  use a significant  part  of your  resources  to help  other  people .
[02:13:29.010]
And we will only  get that  we'll  only  have  that  sort  of cultural  change  if people  are public  about  what 
they're  doing  and  able  to say, yeah , this  is something  I'm doing . I'm proud  of it. I think  you should 
consider  doing  it, too. This  is the world  I want  to see. Well , well , you have  certainly  gotten  the ball
rolling  in my life, and  it's something  that  I'm immensely  grateful  for and  I think  this  is a good  place  to
leave  it.
[02:13:52.860]
I know  there  will be questions  and  perhaps  we can  build  out further  lessons  just  based  on frequently 
asked  questions  that  come  in in response  to what  we've  said  here . But I think  that'll  be the right  way 
to proceed . So for the meantime , thank  you for doing  this , because  you I think  you're  you're  aware  of
how  many  people  you're  affecting , but it's still early  days . And , you know , I think  it'll be very  interesting 
to see where  all this  goes , because  I know  what  it's like to experience  a tipping  point  around  these 
issues  personally .
[02:14:27.240]
And I have  to think  that  that  many  people  listening  to us will have  a similar  experience  one  day or
another  and  you will have  occasion  to it. So thank  you for what  you're  doing .
[02:14:37.290]
Well , thank  you for taking  the pledge  and  getting  involved . And  yeah , I'm excited  to see how  these 
ideas  develop  over  the coming  years .[00:00:21.070]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . OK, well , I want  to say a few  things  about 
my hopes  for the new  year  here . Like  all of you, I'm happy  to get 20-20  behind  us, but of course ,
there's  no guarantee  that  2021  will be better , right ? I mean , this  calendar  dates  are just  concepts  that 
have  very  little  connection  to the dynamics  of what  is actually  happening  out in the world , apart  from 
the tenuous  connection  of all of us hoping  to reset  our lives  on January  1st.
[00:00:56.430]
Which  is not nothing , but it's not a lot either . As for whether  a virus  mutates  or a hostile  foreign  power 
hacks  our government  and  major  corporations  and  steals  or manipulates  sensitive  data , these  things 
happen  on their  own  schedule , as you know . And  both  of these  things  appear  to have  happened  in the
last few  weeks . To what  end ? It's not yet clear . But it's natural  and  useful , I think , to use the change  in
calendar  as a device  to clear  one's  head  and  attempt  to get one's  priorities  straight .
[00:01:32.960]
So like many  of you, that's  what  I'm doing . In fact , the madness  of this  last  year  has  already  helped  me
get my priorities  straight  or STRADER , I now  have  far fewer  browser  tabs  open  in my life. And  I think 
this will be true  going  forward , there's  a spirit  of triage . I now  feel . What  is worth  paying  attention  to
personally  and  professionally ? I'm living  with  this  question  more  and  more . If you can  think  back  to
January  and  February  of last  year .
[00:02:09.480]
How  are you planning  to spend  twenty  twenty  and  how  startling  was  it to discover  that  the world  had 
other  plans ? There's  been  a Sunni  army  of private  pain , even  for fairly  lucky  people  and  for the unlucky
20-20  was  just  brutal . And  publicly , there's  been  a failure , especially  in the United  States , to cohere 
around  a feeling  of shared  purpose  and  shared  sacrifice , and  that  has  been  beyond  disappointing . It's
really  been  unnerving  how  fully  we failed  here . And  in its place , we've  witnessed  a level  of
estrangement  from  one  another , which  has  often  been  described  as hyper  partisanship  in a political 
context , but that  doesn't  quite  cover  it.
[00:02:59.160]
The level  of hostility  and  the degree  to which  it's been  fed by lies and  misinformation  seems  genuinely
new to me. And  not at all compatible  with  our building  a good  society . And  of course , the interaction 
between  technology , in particular  social  media  and  politics  has  been  the main  story  here . We've  seen 
vast  numbers  of people  born  away  on a tide  of misinformation  and  conspiracy  thinking  and  has 
rendered  them  totally  unreachable . In fact , our society  appears  to have  shattered  itself  into  competing
cults .
[00:03:36.960]
The cult  of Trump  ism , with  its especially  crazy  core  of Kuhnen  and  the cult  of Wackness  with  its
crazy  core  of critical  race  theory . I'm not saying  these  problems  are precisely  the same  or or
necessarily  proportional , but they  are the same  in being  constituted  almost  entirely  by propaganda  to
a degree  that  should  only  be possible  in dystopian  fiction , like we've  come  ashore  on the proverbial 
island  of liars . And  it's just  to Rangin . And  all of this  seems  caused  by and  further  causes  a
breakdown  in social  trust  and  trust  in institutions .
[00:04:15.380]
On one  level , a breakdown  in trust  is understandable . The  conjunctions  of competence  and 
incompetence  we've  seen  have  been  fairly  breathtaking . We've  had  record  breaking  vaccine 
development  alongside  a total  failure  of political  leadership  on both  the left and  the right  and  at all
levels  to successfully  manage  a pandemic . We have  literally  seen  the time  course  of medical  research
cut down  to almost  nothing , the Moderna  vaccine  was  created  in a weekend . It was  created  before 
there  had  been  a single  death  from  covid  in the United  States .
[00:04:50.160]
Yes, it depended  on many  years  of prior  work , but going  from  a viral  genome  sequence  to a vaccine  in
a matter  of days  is astonishing . And  yet our most  prestigious  medical  institutions  like the CDC  and our most  prestigious  medical  journals  like the New  England  Journal  of Medicine  have  worked 
extraordinarily  hard  in the last  year  to destroy  their  reputations . The  contamination  of public  health 
and scientific  communication  by political  dogmatism  on both  the left and  the right  has  been 
catastrophic . We've  had  our most  respected  medical  voices  either  capitulate  to Trump  and  his
messaging  or capitulate  to the weakness .
[00:05:35.350]
And if you don't  know  what  I'm talking  about , you haven't  been  paying  attention . And  now  we're 
botching  the distribution  of the vaccine . At the time  I'm recording  this , it will take  a decade  to
vaccinate  the entire  country  at our current  pace  and  we've  had  nearly  a year  to prepare  for. This 
moment  is just  incredible . Thousands  of people  are dying  a day as vaccine  risks  spoiling  on our
shelves . I mean , we're  great  at molecular  biology , but we appear  to suck  at everything  else .
[00:06:10.410]
And surely  information  and  misinformation  is at the core  of this , something  like 50 percent  of our
society  appears  to be quite  sanguine  about  getting  the novel  coronavirus , but terrified  to get the
vaccine  for it. I've heard  reports  from  hospitals  where  50 percent  of the frontline  health  care  workers 
are refusing  their  doses  of vaccine . Throughout  the pandemic , and  especially  through  the election  and
its aftermath , it has  been  amazing  to hear  from  people  on both  sides  of what  seems  to be a mass 
hallucination , a pseudo  spiritual  awakening  that  has  engulfed  the minds  of most  of the people  in our
society .
[00:06:50.490]
I mean , left and  right  have  broken  down  as concepts  in many  ways . But whatever  you call them , the
political  extremes  have  gone  mad . Perhaps  they  were  always  mad , but the madness  has  crept 
inwards  and  it's tainted  vast  stretches  of the mainstream . Mainstream  Republicans  have  capitulated 
to Trump  and  Trump  ism  to a degree  that  I wouldn't  have  thought  possible . And  the ideological 
capture  of the media  and  our other  institutions  by weakness  has  been  just  as amazing . One  has  to
reference  the behavior  of cults  to begin  to understand  what's  going  on here .
[00:07:26.530]
It's worth  asking  yourself , are you in a cult ? Are you actually  thinking  clearly  about  anything ? Are you
getting  good  information  about  anything ? I ask this about  myself  to it has  become  genuinely  hard  to
find a path  through  information  space  that  leads  to anything  like daylight  now . Do you think  there  was
a massive  voter  fraud  in the 2020  election  and  Trump  actually  won . And  Republican  election , officials 
and secretaries  of state  and  judges  are all in on the plot . Well , if you do, you're  in a cult .
[00:08:04.040]
Do you think  that  racism  and  sexism  and  other  forms  of bigotry  are our main  problems  in society  now
and that  they  explain  all current  inequality ? Do you think  that  great  companies  and  medical  schools 
and the entertainment  industry  and  other  desirable  places  to learn  and  work  are currently  in the
business  of excluding  qualified  people  of color  and  women  out of a preference  for white  men ? Is that 
really  what  you think ? Well , then  you're  in a cult . Do you think  the COVID  pandemic  is basically  a hoax 
and that  the lockdowns  were  imposed  to destroy  the economy  and  defeat  Trump ?
[00:08:42.920]
Do you think  we're  being  told  to wear  masks  just  to get us to comply  with  arbitrary  limits  on our
freedom ? Well , then  you're  in a cult . In the new  media  landscape  has  not helped  matters . Well , I think 
I've seen  in many  of my fellow  podcasters  and  writers  is the phenomenon  of audience  capture . My
friend  Eric  Weinstein  came  up with  that  phrase  for undoubtedly  an older  phenomenon . But it's when 
you begin  telling  your  audience  what  they  want  to hear  and  you get rewarded  for it and  the cycle 
becomes  self  reinforcing .
[00:09:15.240]
So some  of this  is probably  inevitable . We all gravitate  toward  messages  that  we like and  to people 
we find  persuasive . And  these  people  tend  to keep  doing  what  works . You  know , it's nice  to be liked ,
especially  when  the business  model  depends  on it. But audience  capture  is a real  problem , and  I have consciously  guarded  against  it ever  since  I discovered  that  whole  sections  of my audience  were 
outraged  by one  or another  position  I've taken . I decided  not to be concerned  about  that  and  not to do
anything  differently .
[00:09:47.710]
And I don't  think  I'll ever  understand  those  of you who  claim  to love  what  I'm doing  here  on the
podcast  and  who  have  read  my books  and  followed  my work  for years , who  imagined  that  I would 
have  been  a fan of Donald  Trump  or wokeness . I mean , both  of these  grotesque  objects  are the
antithesis  of everything  I care  about . Both  are purely  divisive , purely  misleading . Both  represent  a near
total  embrace  of error . Trump  ism  and  wokeness  are like two  doors  leading  to alternate  hells  from  my
point  of view .
[00:10:22.270]
And between  the two , I think  I've offended  50 percent  of you in the last  few  years  and  many  of my
guests  have  done  likewise . We really  need  careful , principled , intellectually  honest  people  to help  sort 
through  the rubble  now  and  begin  building  again . And  these  are the types  of people  I'm eager  to speak
with  on this  podcast . I realize  all of this  sounds  a little  gloomy , but it seems  important  to acknowledge
how  fully  things  have  unraveled  over  the last  year .
[00:10:52.810]
Of course , on another  level , it's amazing  that  things  work  as well  as they  do, and  to even  have  the
expectation  that  things  will work  and  to be appalled  when  they  don't  is a testament  to our progress .
We expect  airplanes  to not only  take  off and  land  safely , but to serve  decent  coffee . We have  come  a
long  way  in 100  years , 100  years  from  now , if we don't  annihilate  ourselves  in the meantime , we will
view  everything  I'm complaining  about  today  as just  a few  growing  pains  on the way  to a glorious 
future .
[00:11:26.130]
I really  want  our children  to inhabit  that  glorious  future  and  it appears  to be within  reach , so much  of
our suffering  is obviously  unnecessary . So many  of our losses  are the result  of spectacular  own 
goals . And  of course , politics  is the area  where  the worst  of this  happens  again  and  again , but the
problem  is much  larger  than  politics . Ask  yourself , what  are we doing  here  as a species , for the most 
part, we're  creating  and  consuming  culture .
[00:12:01.170]
The near  term  goal  should  be pretty  obvious , we have  to build  a culture  that  is conducive  to sanity . We
need  a culture  that  is at minimum  compatible  with  our long  term  survival . And  we have  serious 
problems  to solve  infrastructure , pandemic  preparedness  that  would  have  a nice , bright  climate 
change , cybersecurity  education , wealth  inequality , our relationship  with  China . Wouldn't  it be
amazing  to just  get busy  and  sort  this  stuff  out without  all the animosity  and  conspiracy  thinking  and 
dogmatism  and  perverse  incentives  and  everything  else  that  makes  sane  policies  and  compromises 
impossible ?
[00:12:48.050]
And the issues  are at once  so complex  and  yet so simple . Just  consider  our current  moment  through 
the lens  of a single  variable  wealth  inequality . There  are good  faith  debates  to be had  about  how 
much  inequality  is too much , but there  really  is no question  that  this  is a problem  that  decent ,
compassionate  people  or even  merely  self-interested  people  are now  wise  to worry  about . However 
rich and  insulated  you are, if you don't  think  that  you've  lost  something  when  the level  of
homelessness  and  crime  soars  in your  city, well , then  you've  lost  your  mind .
[00:13:25.410]
Honestly , even  a sociopath  should  be able  to recognize  that  his own  selfishness  is best  fulfilled  in a
context  where  others  are doing  at least  reasonably  well , where  the sidewalks  haven't  come  to
resemble  free  fire zones  or refugee  camps . I've been  worried  about  wealth  inequality  for at least  a
decade . I wrote  a few  articles  about  it in the aftermath  of the 2009  crash  and  it's been  a recurring 
topic  on the podcast . And  I worry  about  it from  a place  of not wanting  to stigmatize  wealth  at all.[00:13:57.290]
I think  that  people  who  are railing  against  the mere  existence  of billionaires  are just  confused  about 
economics . But everyone  who  is railing  against  increased  social  welfare  in all its forms . Anyone  for
whom  terms  like inequality  and  redistribution  have  become  radioactive  is just  confused  about  ethics .
What  kind  of world  do we want  to live in? It seems  to me there  are pretty  uncontroversial  answers  to
this question . We want  to live in a world  where  people  are incentivized  to do creative  work  that  makes
the world  better  and  better .
[00:14:30.860]
We want  cures  for terrifying  diseases , we want  to be able  to distribute  vaccines  faster  than  we are at
present . And  we want  a space  program  just  for the fun of it, and  also  to ensure  that  human  life
continues  indefinitely , if we discover  there's  a massive  asteroid  on a collision  course  with  Earth , we
want  to be able  to divert  it and  save  our species  and  every  other  species . We actually  want  to be that 
competent . Therefore , we want  to massively  fund  science .
[00:15:04.620]
And we need  a rich  civilization  to do this . We want  a future  of real  prosperity  and  we are right  to want 
that. And  obviously  we need  a model  for global  growth  that's  sustainable . But the endgame  for us
isn't to seize  innovating  and  improving  our technology . We want  our technology  to become  more  and 
more  effective  and  benign . So there's  already  ruled  out some  visions  of the future . This  can't  be a
hippie  paradise  where  everything  is made  of hemp . Capitalism , for all its flaws , really  seems  to have 
this part  right .
[00:15:40.890]
We need  to work  with  the grain  of human  nature  and  leverage  people's  selfishness  and  their  desire  for
status  in a way  that  brings  out the best  in us, not the worst . We need  to incentivize  people  to build 
things  that  actually  work . It's not enough  to just  play  the didgeridoo  on the sidewalk  in Seattle  or
Portland . We need  to get things  done . And  we want  beautiful  public  spaces  and  brilliant  works  of art
and great  food  and  cars  and  smartphones . But we also  want  a world  where  the differences  between 
good  and  bad  luck  don't  cause  us to avert  our eyes  in horror .
[00:16:21.750]
We don't  want  a world  where  people  leap  to their  deaths  from  the rooftops  of the factories  that  are
building  our toys , we don't  want  an epidemic  of homelessness  in San  Francisco  or Los  Angeles  or
New  York . As we produce  more  and  more  wealth , we have  to become  more  compassionate  and  more 
connected  to one  another , not more  sociopathic . There  are really  two  paths  we can  take  here , and 
they  are diverging  steeply  now , and  the only  thing  that  will determine  which  path  we take  will be the
ideas  that  prevail  in the culture .
[00:16:57.440]
The ideas  that  win will affect  each  of us personally . There  will be new  norms  to which  we will
effortlessly  adhere  because  to do otherwise  will be embarrassing . Wearing  a seat  belt  is a norm  that 
very few  people  need  to rethink  now , and  yet it used  to be a bizarre  concession  to fear . Now  you're 
just an imbecile  not to wear  a seatbelt . We need  new  norms  that  anchor  our deeper  values . We need 
norms  that  make  us better  people . Let's  be even  more  specific .
[00:17:29.560]
It's been  much  noticed  of late  that  there  seems  to be an exodus  in the tech  community  out of
California  to states  that  don't  have  an income  tax, in particular  Texas  and  Florida . Now , there's  some 
question  about  whether  or not this  trend  has  been  overhyped . But I can  personally  account  for tens  of
millions  of dollars  and  probably  even  hundreds  of millions  of dollars  of California's  taxpayers  drying 
up, simply  judging  from  the people  I know  personally  who  are leaving  the state  and  who  are in some 
cases  taking  their  companies  and  employees  with  them .
[00:18:04.000]
In California , the top one  percent  of earners  pay 50 percent  of the taxes , so it doesn't  take  that  many rich people  to decide  to move  before  the state's  revenue  goes  into  freefall . Now , this  is a very 
complicated  issue , ethically  and  politically  and  even  psychologically . Because , of course , it's rational 
for any individual  to want  to pay as little  in taxes  as he or she legally  can . And  if we have  a system 
wherein  simply  moving  to another  state  amounts  to the equivalent  of someone  paying  you millions  of
dollars  a year  to live, there  is very  easy  to see why  that  would  seem  like an opportunity  that's  just  too
good  to pass  up.
[00:18:44.400]
So I don't  feel  especially  judgmental  about  these  people  moving , especially  when  you consider  how 
mismanaged  our tax dollars  often  seem  to be. It would  be one  thing  if the return  on our taxes  was 
undeniably  good , but unfortunately  the results  are so mixed , especially  now  that  it's very  easy  for
people  to become  cynical . And  many  of these  people  have  become  cynical  about  the prospects  of
government  ever  functioning  effectively . But there's  an interesting  needle  to thread  here . One  can 
seek  to pay as little  in taxes  as one  legally  can .
[00:19:20.210]
Well , also  believe  in the taxes  are necessary  and  that  the tax rate  should  be raised , given  the
magnitude  of the need , while  also  believing  that  tax revenue  is often  wasted  and  that  government 
needs  to be seriously  reformed . I don't  see a contradiction  there , personally , I try to pay as little  in
taxes  as I can  legally , but I think  taxes  should  be raised  on everyone  in my bracket . And  I think  this 
despite  my certainty  that  some  of that  money  will be wasted  or spent  in ways  that  I would  judge 
totally  counterproductive .
[00:19:54.140]
A challenge  one  often  hears  from  libertarians  is you're  free  to pay more  into  the Treasury  yourself , so
why not just  do that  and  shut  up about  raising  taxes  on the rest  of us? But that  misses  the point , it
misses  several  points . No one  should  be eager  to make  a solitary  sacrifice  that  serves  no purpose .
The point  is that  waste  and  mismanagement  aside , our infrastructure  and  education  and  everything 
else in our society  needs  to be funded . And  there  is no one  in a better  position  to fund  these  things 
than  the wealthy .
[00:20:27.140]
Government  mismanagement  isn't  an argument  for not paying  taxes , and  it isn't  an argument  for
lower  taxes . It's an argument  for better  government . Of course , charitable  giving  is part  of the picture 
here . Here's  a new  norm  that  we really  must  spread . If you're  wealthy  enough  to have  hired 
professionals  whose  primary  job is to ensure  that  you pay as little  as possible  in taxes  each  year , well ,
then  you should  also  be given  a lot of your  money  away  to the most  urgent  causes , not after  your 
dead , but every  year  while  you're  alive  and  while  you can  enjoy  it.
[00:21:06.310]
This  goes  to the question  of what  is wealth  for? What  is it good  for? One  thing  it's good  for is that  it
gives  you the ability  to help  people  very  directly , and  if you don't  use that  ability , given  the excruciating
need , people  will begin  to think  that  you're  just  selfish  as they  should . Actually , all the strands  of this 
web converge  on San  Francisco  in a way  that's  instructive . Recently , Mark  Zuckerberg  and  his wife ,
Priscilla  Chan , gave  75 million  dollars  to San  Francisco  General  Hospital , and  this  is the largest  gift to
a public  hospital  ever , apparently .
[00:21:49.630]
And yet the city's  board  of supervisors  voted  10 to one  to condemn  the naming  of the hospital  after 
Zuckerberg  and  Chan . And  they  further  vilified  Zuckerberg  in the process . So this  moment  contains 
the whole  problem  in miniature , Zuckerberg  and  Chan  gave  75 million  dollars  to a hospital  and 
obviously  this  is a wonderful  thing  to do. And  the fact  that  this  is the largest  private  gift to a public 
hospital  ever  tells  you that  it should  be celebrated  rather  than  sneered  at, which  is what  the social 
justice  lunatics  on the board  of Supervisors  have  done .
[00:22:30.940]
And they  did this  as their  streets  filled  with  homeless  people  and  spent  needles  and  the crime  rate soars . They're  spitting  on a 75 million  dollar  gift to a hospital . But beneath  all this  and  beneath  the
animosity  of the supervisors  is the growing  problem  of wealth  inequality , Zuckerberg  gift probably 
seems  more  generous  than  it is, in fact , for someone  with  75 billion  dollars  to cut a check  for 75
million . That's  like someone  with  75 million  cutting  a check  for 75000  or for someone  with  75000  to
give seventy  five dollars  toward  some  cause .
[00:23:13.490]
That  is no big deal  at all. In fact , the richer  you get, the more  this  proportion  falls  apart . Someone  with 
a net worth  of 75000  dollars  is actually  making  more  of a sacrifice  by parting  with  75 dollars , because
that increment  of money  is still relevant  to their  budget . Once  a person  becomes  fantastically  wealthy ,
their  personal  spending , even  on the most  extravagant  luxuries , represents  a tiny portion  of their  net
worth . So when  you look  at the details , this  is not the sort  of sacrifice  one  you be tempted  to write 
newspaper  articles  about .
[00:23:52.750]
Actually , looking  at the Forbes  list now  reveals  that  Zuckerberg  is currently  worth  one  hundred  dollars 
billion . He seems  to have  made  twenty  five billion  when  I wasn't  looking . Given  how  quickly  Zukerberg
wealth  has  grown , there  were  many  days  this  year , probably  most  days  this  year , where  his net worth 
increased  by more  than  seventy  five dollars  million . The  wealthiest  people  in our society  make 
millions  of dollars  a day every  day, whether  they  work  or not. Most  people  just  don't  have  good 
intuitions  about  the magnitude  of these  differences  in wealth , the richest  people  now  make  in a day
what  the most  successful  movie  stars  Tom  Cruise  and  Will  Smith  and  Scarlett  Johansson  make  over 
the course  of many  years  or even  a lifetime  at the absolute  pinnacle  of success  in the movie  industry .
[00:24:50.550]
This  is where  we are in terms  of wealth  inequality . Again , I don't  mean  to demonize  wealth  at all. And 
it's worth  noting  that  Zuckerberg  and  his wife  have  pledged  to give  99 percent  of their  wealth  away 
over  the course  of their  lifetime . That's  amazing . Right . And  that  should  be celebrated  without  any
reservation  whatsoever . That's  the sort  of thing  people  should  write  newspaper  articles  about ,
assuming  they  actually  do this  and  they  don't  just  park  all the money  in a charity  after  they  die.
[00:25:18.070]
There  will be total  heroes  for living  this  way , whatever  else  you might  think  about  them . So there's  a
complicated  set of issues  to think  through  here  politically  and  ethically , San  Francisco  is an extremely
wealthy  city which  has  been  ruinously  mismanaged , and  the rich  appear  to be leaving  for perfectly 
rational  reasons . This  is a death  spiral . And  the quasi  socialist  demonization  of wealth  of the sort  that
one hears  from  people  like AOK  and  Elizabeth  Warren  is part  of the problem .
[00:25:53.080]
We just  can't  afford  zero  sum  thinking  in a positive  sum  game  and  prosperity  can  be positive  some .
That's  not to say there  aren't  trade  offs  and  inevitable  inequality . But we need  to find  policies  that  lead
us in a direction  that  benefits  more  or less  everyone , and  we need  to incentivize  people  to really 
succeed  and  then  use their  taxes  and  charity  to help  others . It seems  to me that  what  we need  to
solve  our problems  is both  competence  and  compassion . We have  seen  so little  of either  lately .
[00:26:29.470]
And merely  dunking  on people  on Twitter  won't  produce  these  things . Becoming  a single  issue  thinker
won't  produce  these  things . We have  to recognize  that  we're  living  in an unhealthy  ecology  of ideas .
It's become  like a Superfund  site  of bad  meems  and  we have  to clean  it up. Anyway , I intend  to use
my podcast  this  year  to bring  you useful  conversations  in this  vein , not every  episode  will be about 
solving  problems . Sometimes  we just  need  to hear  about  interesting  things  in physics .
[00:27:05.460]
But more  and  more , I want  to drill  down  to ideas  that  actually  have  consequences  for people's  lives ,
whether  personally  or at the level  of public  policy . So I'm looking  to speak  with  guests  who  can  help 
me figure  out what  we should  all be doing  to make  life better . And  finally , I want  to thank  all of you
who  are subscribed  to the podcast , you make  it possible  for me to do this . And  if you're  notsubscribed  and  you want  to be, you can  do that  on my website  at Sam  Harris , Doug .
[00:27:36.500]
As always , I want  to remind  you that  if you can't  afford  a subscription , you need  only  tell us that  and 
we'll  give  you a free  one . And  this  isn't  just  my covid  policy , this  is always  been  the policy , I feel  two 
things  very  strongly  in this  space . I believe  that  we should  value  digital  content  appropriately  and  that 
will ultimately  get what  we pay for online . As you know , I think  the ad model  has  been  incredibly 
destructive . But on the other  hand , I believe  that  money  should  never  be the reason  why  someone 
can't  get access  to my digital  content  again , I see no contradiction  here .
[00:28:13.100]
Most  of my stuff  is behind  a paywall  and  needs  to be for any of this  to work , but it's free  if you can't 
afford  it. As most  of you know , there  are two  places  where  I currently  publish  my audio  on this 
podcast  and  on the waking  up app  and  waking  up has  become  much  more  than  a meditation  app .
There's  a growing  library  of lessons  that  are essentially  applied  philosophy . We now  have  tracks  on
Stoicism  by William  Irvine  and  more  of those  are coming  and  will soon  have  a section  devoted  to
psychedelics .
[00:28:44.260]
There's  a lot going  on over  there  waking  up and  much  more  happening  soon . So I just  wanted  to invite
you to download  the app  and  check  it out if you haven't  lately . As you know , if you're  a subscriber  to
the podcast , you get access  to the conversations  I have  over  waking  up through  my website , but
there's  much  more  to waking  up than  the conversations . And  again , if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
you need  only  send  an email  to support  waking  up dotcom  and  request  a free  account  is the exact 
same  policy  we have  here  on the podcast .
[00:29:17.430]
Well , despite  all the doom  and  gloom , I'm really  looking  forward  to this  year  and  needless  to say, I
wish  you all a healthy  and  happy  one . Thanks  for listening .[00:00:20.610]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK. The  siege  of the capital . I can't  say I
was expecting  that  exactly , but I can't  say I was  surprised  either . And  nothing  will surprise  you about 
my view  of Trump's  responsibility  here . I think  I need  hardly  express  it. But like so much  that  has 
happened  under  Trump , what  occurred  at the Capitol  was  in every  way  unsurprising , but it was  also  in
every  way  astonishing . Trump  has  managed  to invent  a new  state  of the human  brain .
[00:01:05.990]
Trump  has  turned  our democracy  and  this  period  in American  history  into  pizza gate . That  was  a
pizza  gate  insurrection . We had  people  visibly  and  audibly  deranged  by misinformation , I mean , just 
listen  to what  they  say when  you stick  a microphone  in front  of their  faces . These  are people  who 
have  been  unhinged  by the lies that  have  spilled  ceaselessly  from  the mouth  of this  president  for
years . In a way , it was  absolutely  perfect . It had  none  of the gravitas  of a real  coup , but it fully 
degraded  our country .
[00:01:47.230]
I mean , in some ways  it was  more  debasing  than  a real  coup  attempt . What we saw  in D.C.  was  like a
YouTube  comment  thread  come  to life. Now  we may  find  out much  more  about  what  happened  here 
and it may  even  be more  sinister  than  it appeared . I don't  know . But at the time  I'm recording  this , I'm
seeing  two  truly  terrible  unforced  errors  being  made  at the moment  on social  media  and  in the media 
generally . And  they're  causing  a lot of further  harm .
[00:02:23.380]
Ones  occurring  on the right  and  the other  on the left politically . Once  again , those  two  poles  are a little
hard  to map , but they'll  have  to do for the moment . And  we have  a problem  on both  sides  of our
politics  where  people  have  become  single  issue  thinkers , even  people  who  are very  smart  on other 
topics , it just  seems  that  now  most  people  can't  manage  to think  about  two  problems  at the same 
time . You  know , it's possible  to have  cancer  and  heart  disease  at the same  time , right ?
[00:02:56.460]
That's  a possible  state  of the human  body  and  they're  both  problems  and  they  have  to be thought 
about  differently . They've  got different  causes , different  remedies . It is possible  to acknowledge  that 
Donald  Trump  is the most  dangerously  unfit  person  who  has  ever  occupied  the office  of the
presidency , while  also  acknowledging  that  leftist  social  justice  hysteria  is terrible  and  needs  to be
opposed . You  don't  have  to be a genius  to keep  both  of these  grotesque  objects  in view . And  then  it
appears  that  only  a handful  of people  really  can  manage  it.
[00:03:38.450]
I just  cannot  believe  what  I'm seeing  on social  media  now . Here  are the two  reactions  that  I find  most 
troubling . On the right  or right  of center , many  people  are minimizing  the gravity  of what  happened  at
the Capitol  by comparing  it to the violence  that  attended  the BLM  protests  last  summer  and  the
insane  events  in Seattle  and  Portland . And  these  people  are now  focused  on the hypocrisy  of those  in
the media  and  in the Democratic  Party  who  overlooked  the violence  last  summer  and  who  are now 
calling  for law and  order .
[00:04:19.930]
The real  problem  is almost  certainly  worse  than  this . The  real  problem  is that  nearly  50 percent  of
Republicans  support  the attack  on the Capitol . That  is a horrific  polling  number . That  is the abyss 
politically , but that  aside , virtually  every  one  right  of center  is focused  on the hypocrisy  of the left, both
real and  imagined . This  is a dangerous  delusion  on many  levels . First , in many  cases , it's not true , you
know , it's not true  to say that  Biden  and  Kamala  Harris  didn't  condemn  the looting  and  violence  last 
summer .
[00:04:59.200]
They  did. They  just  didn't  do it enough , not nearly  enough . And  I criticized  them  at the time . But there's
a much  deeper  dis analogy  here  of what  happened  in D.C.  this  week  was  not a protest  that  got out of
hand . This  was  an insurrection  incited  by the sitting  president  of the United  States , regretted  terms like insurrection  and  coup  seem  grandiose , given  Trump's  total  ineptitude . He can't  actually 
accomplish  his aims . But consider  the people  who  attacked  the Capitol , fought  with  cops , right ?
[00:05:40.470]
They  really  fought  with  cops . They  weren't  all just  let in and  risk their  lives  to get into  that  building . OK,
one cop  is dead  from  having  been  beaten  over  the head  with  a fire extinguisher  and  one 
insurrectionist  is dead , having  been  shot  in the neck  by a police . And  there  was  no telling  what  that 
mob  would  do once  it got inside  those  buildings . They  were  not looting  a shopping  mall . They  were 
storming  the halls  of Congress  at the direct  encouragement  of the president  of the United  States  who 
had convinced  them  over  the course  of months  that  their  democracy  had  literally  been  stolen  from 
them , that  they  don't  have  a democracy  anymore , that  they  don't  have  a country  anymore , and  that 
they  must  fight  to get it back .
[00:06:30.120]
He set them  loose  on the Capitol  that  very  morning , saying  that  he would  be with  them , if you don't 
see a difference  between  that  and  a BLM  protest  that  devolves  into  looting  and  arson . Take  a
moment  and  try. There  is no analogy  to be drawn  here . Now , it is a miracle  that  more  people  weren't 
killed  at the Capitol . In fact , many  more  should  have  been  killed . Don't  misunderstand  me, I'm not
saying  I wish  that  many  more  people  had  died .
[00:07:05.980]
I'm very  thankful  that  so few  did. But if you run that  experiment  again  right  there , let's  storm  the halls 
of Congress  experiment . You  run it 100  times . I am certain  that  many  more  people  die in most  of
those  scenarios . And  it was  only  due  to a total  failure  of security  that  more  people  didn't  die. The 
people  crashing  through  those  doors  who  had  already  overwhelmed  cops , the people  who  were 
staring  down  the upraised  guns  of the cops  who  were  inside  smashing  through  the glass , those 
people  should  have  been  shot .
[00:07:44.990]
Because  what  is the alternative  to just  let the lives  of our elected  officials  depend  upon  the restraint 
of a mob ? Some  of the people  were  armed . One  guy was  carrying  zip ties  of a sort  that  cops  use for
handcuffs . What  was  he planning  to do with  those  take  hostages ? There's  actually  no way  of knowing
what  would  have  happened  had  those  people  gotten  their  hands  on Nancy  Pelosi  or Mike  Pence .
There  were  people  calling  for the hanging  of Mike  Pence . So you're  going  to rely on the restraint  of
people  who  have  just  risked  their  lives  to break  into  the Capitol , who  believe  that  there's  a global 
conspiracy  of child  raping  cannibals , running  the world , people  who  have  never  received  anything 
other  than  a wink  and  a nod  from  the president  of the United  States  on those  very  points .
[00:08:35.060]
Granted , much  of the footage  of this  attack  on the Capitol  is perplexing . You've  got a cop  taking 
selfies  with  some  of the crowd . You've  got cops  seeming  to let people  in after  others  had  broken 
through  their  ranks . And  then  you've  got everyone  just  wandering  around  taking  selfies  and 
vandalizing  the place . Some  of the footage  that  makes  it look  like a busload  of people  headed  to
Burning  Man  just  decided  to use the restrooms  at the Capitol . Some  of the people  are surprisingly  old,
right , but other  footage  reveals  that  this  was  an absolute  emergency , to not acknowledge  the gravity 
of what  happened  here , to not acknowledge  the degree  to which  it disgraced  our country  and 
weakened  it in the eyes  of the world .
[00:09:25.520]
Yes, the BLM  riots  were  also  a disgrace  and  yes, the press  contortions  around  them  were  also  a
disgrace  to have  CNN  anchors  say, as a dozen  cities  were  being  set on fire. Well , whoever  said 
protests  need  to be peaceful , that  was  a disgrace  to have  a journalist  on camera  trumpeting  the
mostly  peaceful  protests  even  while  cars  and  buildings  burned  in the background . That  was  all a
disgrace  and  just  amazing  dark  comedy . And  yes, it was  insane , patently  insane , to see calls  to
defund  the police  as social  order  was  unraveling  across  our country .
[00:10:10.470]But what  happened  this  week  was  altogether  different . Nothing  like this  has  ever  happened  in our
country  before . I mean , this  was  a desecration  of our government , of our whole  system  of government
engineered  by the president  himself . A mob  was  set upon  the Capitol  by the president  himself  for the
purpose  of disrupting  the certification  of an election  that  he lost , absolutely  lost , but claims  to have 
won . Just  take  a moment  to view  this  travesty  through  the eyes  of Xi Jinping  or Vladimir  Putin  or any
other  dictator  on Earth  who  has  a real  interest  in proving  that  democracy  just  doesn't  work  right , that 
there's  nothing  to aspire  to.
[00:11:02.150]
They  have  captive  populations  who  they  are messaging  to now . They  get to tell them  that  democracy 
is bullshit , right . That  having  a free  press  is just  dangerous  bullshit . Right . Because  it drives  people 
insane . What  does  the United  States  stand  for in the world  today ? If you don't  think  it matters  for our
country  to become  the laughing  stock  of the world , to fail and  fail and  fail again , right , to fail to deal 
with  covid  and  to fail in a way  that  still seems  impossible  to understand , to fail to distribute  vaccines 
we already  have  in hand  when  there  are more  deaths  from  covid  than  at any point  during  the
pandemic .
[00:11:46.840]
Right . We're  at the absolute  peak  and  this  desecration  of the very  seat  of our democracy  is happening
before  the eyes  of the world  to fail to prevent  the Russians  from  accomplishing  the greatest  hack  in
the history  of cyber  war  and  to fail so hard  at containing  the absolute  madness  of our president  that 
we can't  even  talk  about  these  other  failures . We can't  even  talk  about  covid  or the Pearl  Harbor  level 
hack  of our government  because  we have  a shirtless  fucking  Viking  stalking  the halls  of Congress .
[00:12:22.900]
We've  got people  in Camp  Auschwitz  T-shirts  hunting  down  Nancy  Pelosi  at the behest  of the fucking 
president  of the United  States . Trump  has  been  assaulting  the foundations  of our democracy  since 
before  he took  office , and  if you couldn't  see it earlier , as many  of us did, it should  have  been 
absolutely  clear  to you the moment  he refused  to commit  to a peaceful  transfer  of power  during  the
2012  campaign . He actually  did that  during  the 2016  campaign . That  should  have  been  disqualified .
[00:12:58.070]
But throughout  2020 , he repeatedly  refused  to offer  an assurance  that  he would  cooperate  with  a
peaceful  transfer  of power . Half  a dozen  times  at least , he shattered  the most  important  democratic 
norm  we have  right  before  our eyes . He should  have  been  impeached  for that . I think  that  moment 
was the most  shocking  development  in our politics  in 100  years . The  real  Trump  derangement 
syndrome  is not to have  seen  every  day of this  obscene  presidency . What  a terrifying  risk Trump  has 
posed  to the safety  and  integrity  of our country .
[00:13:38.780]
And, of course , the ultimate  Trump  derangement  syndrome  sent  a delusional  mob  attacking  the
Capitol , imagining  that  this  was  a path  to securing  Trump  another  four  years  as president . So I hear 
myself  getting  tuned  up here , I want  to respond  to one  species  of criticism  I keep  getting  on social 
media . I think  I should  have  clear  this  up a long  time  ago  because  there  is some  conceptual  confusion
here . I keep  hearing  from  people  who  are apparently  contented  users  of the waking  up app .
[00:14:13.040]
Who  say things  like, your  app  has  changed  my life, I'm getting  incredible  value  from  it, but I find  your 
comments  on politics  really  off-putting . These  are not the sort  of things  that  a teacher  of mindfulness
should  be saying . You  know , there  are many  versions  of this . People  tweet  me and  they  say you
should  use your  own  app . You  know , you sounds  like you need  some  mindfulness . Let me clear  this 
up, if you think  there  is something  about  meditation , successful  meditation , right , if you think  there's 
something  about  cutting  through  the illusion  of the self  or recognizing  the nature  of mind  prior  to
concepts , if you think  there's  some  necessary  contradiction  between  that  project .
[00:14:53.750]
And caring  about  the kinds  of problems  I'm talking  about  now . You're  confused , there  is nothing incompatible  between  mindfulness  and  not wanting  to lose  a cyberwar , say. There  is no contradiction 
between  what  I'm saying  now  and  how  I'm saying  it and  the practices  or worldview  I present  in waking
up, you may  disagree  with  some  points  I'm making  here . There  are probably  several  things  worth 
debating . But if you think  that  meditative  insight  should  cause  one  not to care  about  the implosion  of
our democracy  or about  our ongoing  failure  to deal  with  civilizational  challenges , if you think  we get to
not care  about  the world  we're  building  or wrecking  the world  that  our children  will be condemned  to
live in, it's time  to take  your  head  out of your  ass.
[00:15:50.040]
And if you think  I can't  say that  mindfully  or mean  that  mindfully  in this  very  tone  of voice , if you think 
it's impossible  for me to be mindful  right  now , nationalistically  mindful , free  of self  mindful , even  as I
tell you to take  your  head  out of your  ass, then  you are confused  about  what  mindfulness  is and  about
what  meditation  is and  about  what  the whole  project  of living  an examined  life is. You  have  mistaken 
a style  of communication  and  anodyne  religious  or new  agey  communication  and  a pseudo  ethic 
around  being  as inoffensive  as possible  for the goal  of spiritual  life.
[00:16:34.360]
Yes, there  are some  apparent  paradoxes  here , but there  should  be no confusion . Yes , it is possible  to
be free  and  happy  in almost  any circumstance . I believe  that  is true . If you put me in solitary 
confinement , I know  that  I could  be happy  given  what  I know  about  my own  mind . That  is true . And 
that is an immense  strength  borne  entirely  of meditation  and  it's available  to everyone . But that 
doesn't  mean  that  we should  acquiesce  to the ruination  of everything , to the breakdown  of society .
[00:17:11.350]
If we find  ourselves  living  in some  hell scape  out of the Road  Warrior  movies , yes, it will still be
possible  to meditate  and  to feel  compassion  for oneself  and  others  and  to find  equanimity . That  is
the capacity  of the human  mind  that  will not go away . But we are right  not to want  to see things  totally
fall apart  in our society , and  if your  practice  of meditation  is making  you unable  to take  problems  of
civilizational  importance  seriously , well , then  you may  be managing  your  own  stress  well , but you're 
no good  to us.
[00:17:48.030]
What  we need  now  are people  who  understand  their  own  minds  and  who  also  understand  the world . I
mean , I studied  with  some  of the greatest  meditation  masters  who  were  alive  at the end  of the 20th 
century . These  were  extraordinary  teachers , but they  didn't  know  a damn  thing  about  most  of what  I
talk about  on this  podcast . And  if they  were  alive  today , they  still wouldn't . And  it is a very  good  thing 
that people  like that  aren't  in charge  of our cyber  war  capabilities  because  then  we wouldn't  have  any.
[00:18:20.280]
We have  to play  this  game  on multiple  levels . So it's great  that  many  of you are getting  value  out of
waking  up, but if you don't  like me in this  mode  when  I'm actually  doing  my best  to respond  to a real 
emergency  in our culture , if you don't  understand  that , we need  to mount  a competent  response  to the
challenges  we face  on a hundred  fronts . You're  not really  getting  what  I'm teaching  over  there  at
waking  up. You  can't  let meditation  turn  you into  a new  age  goofball  who  just  burns  incense  and 
thinks  that  the universe  is one  big mystery  and  that  everything  happens  for a reason .
[00:18:59.990]
Sometimes  things  happen  for bad  fucking  reasons . And  a whole  generation  or generations  lose  the
most  basic  capacity  for order  and  for getting  what  they  want  in life and  lose  good  things  they  didn't 
need  to lose . You  know , sometimes  the barbarians  really  do come  through  the gates . Yes , we can 
always  have  conversations  about  the fundamental  nature  of reality , we can  have  them  here  in this 
circumstance  of relative  order  and  prosperity , where  we can  take  important  things  for granted , where  I
can have  a podcast  and  you can  have  a smartphone  on which  to hear  it, or we can  contemplate  reality
after  we've  bombed  and  hacked  and  surveilled  and  abused  ourselves  back  into  the Dark  Ages .
[00:19:45.140]
The nature  of consciousness  is available  everywhere , even  in a cave , and  many  great  contemplatives have  found  it in a cave . I've met  great  Tibetan  yogis  who  have  spent  years  in caves , but I would  prefer 
not to have  to live in one  because  the world  has  become  a Cormac  McCarthy  novel  and  you would 
prefer  it to, no matter  how  much  you meditate . There  is simply  no contradiction  between  deep  insight 
into the nature  of mind  and  getting  our shit  together  out in the world .
[00:20:19.180]
That  tirade  was  brought  to you by waking  up a meditation  app . All right , this  brings  me to the second 
bad take  I've been  seeing  on social  media  and  everywhere  else . Many  people  on the left are
interpreting  the utter  failure  of law enforcement  to protect  the Capitol  this  week . As a symptom  of
white  supremacy , they're  racialized  in this  travesty . And  everyone  is doing  this , here's  what  Joe  Biden 
tweeted . No one  can  tell me that  if it had  been  a group  of Black  Lives  Matter  protesters  yesterday ,
that they  wouldn't  have  been  treated  very  differently  than  the mob  that  stormed  the Capitol .
[00:21:01.730]
We all know  that's  true  and  it's unacceptable . And  every  anchor  on the news  has  made  this  point , and 
Kamala  Harris  has  made  it, Michelle  Obama , Barack  Obama , everyone  has  tried  to stick  this  WOAK 
landing . And  in some  cases , it was  the only  point  they  made  in response  to this  desecration  of
American  democracy . And  it's the wrong  point  to make , and  it's wrong  in almost  every  way , it would 
be wrong  even  if it were  right , even  if it were  obviously  true .
[00:21:39.750]
It's not the point  to make  now , but there  are so many  ways  to see that  it is probably  not true . At best ,
it's a half  truth  and  a slightly  paradoxical  one  when  you look  at the details . When  something  is this 
easy  to see and  it isn't  being  seen , you really  have  to worry  about  what's  happening  in our culture .
First , consider  the events  of January  6th at the Capitol  through  the eyes  of all the black  cops  who 
were  struggling  to defend  that  building  and  the people  in it.
[00:22:16.950]
Some  of the most  shocking  footage  of how  unprepared  and  unequipped  the cops  were  was  of this 
lone  black  officer  being  forced  up the stairs  by the mob , endlessly  retreating . Perhaps  you've  seen 
this, right ? It's crazy  footage . At one  point  he picks  up a baton  and  then  thinks  better  of it. Right , his
gun is apparently  meaningless  to the horde  of zombies  who  are pursuing  him , and  there's  one 
especially  aggressive  white  guy who  keeps  chasing  him  up the stairs .
[00:22:49.600]
Right . And  the cop  keeps  backing  up and  backing  up. What  is being  claimed  here ? Are you telling  me
that this  black  cop  didn't  shoot  white  boy in the face  because  of his own  internalized  white 
supremacy ? You  know , this  double  standard  was  operative  there . He would  have  shot  a black  writer 
and not a white  one . Is that  really  the claim  you want  to make ? And  the truth  is obvious , this  black  cop
was undoubtedly  in fear  for his life and  he recognized  he was  in a totally  untenable  situation .
[00:23:25.960]
He was  struggling  to do his job and  keep  a mob  back  that  wasn't  going  to be kept  back  unless  he
started  killing  people . But if he went  down  that  path , he didn't  have  enough  ammunition  to kill all the
people  he would  have  to kill to have  saved  himself . One  cop  with  a handgun  can't  hold  back  a hundred
people  who  aren't  afraid  to die. Had  there  been  an appropriate  police  presence , had  that  cop  been 
joined  by 50 others  at that  point , there  would  have  been  a fight  on those  stairs  and  there  would  have 
been  people  in that  mob  bloodied  and  beaten  by cops , as there  should  have  been .
[00:24:08.780]
It was  an insane  situation . And  in other  places  in the capital , that's  what  was  happening . There  were 
cops  fighting  what  had  become  an insurgent  mob  and  one  died . And  yes, one  Trump  supporter  was 
shot  in the neck  and  killed  as she tried  to breach  a door . There's  another  place  to put the lie to this 
racialized  framing . A white  woman  was  shot  and  killed . How  many  BLM  protesters  were  shot  and 
killed  by cops  over  months  of rioting  in dozens  of cities ?
[00:24:44.820]To my knowledge , none . Imagine  if one  were  imagine  if a black  woman  were  executed  at point  blank 
range . Surely  that's  the way  it would  have  been  described  had  it happen . A black  woman  executed  at
point  blank  range  for merely  trying  to breach  a door  at an otherwise  peaceful  BLM  protest . What 
would  have  been  said  had  that  happened ? That's  all we'd  be talking  about  now . But here , a white 
woman  was  shot  in the neck  and  killed . It's completely  understandable .
[00:25:19.690]
She was  shot , what's  not understandable  is that  more  weren't  shot . But to interpret  this  as yet another
symptom  of white  privilege  is, frankly , crazy . And  there  is endless  footage  of BLM  protests  gone 
wrong , where  the cops  are just  standing  and  watching  and  doing  nothing  right . They  are not using 
extreme  force  on crowds  of looters  who  are disproportionately  black . We all saw  that  footage  and 
asked  ourselves , what  the hell are the cops  there  for if they're  not going  to stop  people  from  burning 
down  buildings ?
[00:25:57.070]
Yes, absurd  force  was  directed  at peaceful  protesters  in many  places  rather  than  looters  and 
arsonists . And  many  of those  peaceful  protesters  were  white . Using  this  abomination  that  occurred  at
the Capitol  as yet another  opportunity  to score  a social  justice  point  is frankly  idiotic  and  it's incredibly
divisive . It convinces  everyone  right  of center  that  there's  cynicism  and  blind  partisanship  is totally 
justified . What  we're  witnessing  now  is just  how  high  a price  we are paying  for the hypocrisy  and 
moral  blindness  of the media  during  the BLM  riots , we would  be in a much  better  place  had  they  not
bent  over  backwards  to obfuscate  what  a sickening  eruption  of criminality  we were  witnessing , how 
destabilizing  it was , how  dysfunctional  it was , how  appropriate  the anger  was  of business  owners 
who  were  left to their  own  devices  to defend  their  businesses .
[00:27:08.020]
And many  lost  them  and  their  whole  neighborhoods . That  will take  a generation  to recover  because 
they  were  burned  out by mobs  of Coltec  lunatics . Here's  another  dis analogy . We're  being  told  that  the
Capitol  Police  would  have  behaved  like jackbooted  thugs  had  the capital  been  attacked  by a BLM 
protest . Anyone  remember  the endless  imagery  of cops  bending  the knee  at those  BLM  protests ,
literally  getting  down  on their  knees  in solidarity  as something  approaching  a Maoist  struggle  session 
surrounded  them ? Yes , there  was  some  peculiar  behavior  of cops  on the Capitol , but I didn't  see any
bending  the knee  in solidarity .
[00:27:54.110]
Honestly , at the time  I'm recording  this , it is still a mystery  why  the Capitol  was  so unprotected  and 
there  might  be some  real  conspiracy  behind  that .
[00:28:03.980]
It could  be something  that  reaches  all the way  to Trump , or it could  be due  to the fact  that  the mayor 
of D.C.  didn't  like the heavy  handed  federal  response  to the BLM  demonstrations  that  happened  in
D.C., in particular  when  Trump  orchestrated  his photo  op in front  of the church . So ironically , it could 
be a fairly  woak  mayor  is resistance  to heavy  handed  policing  that  left the capital  undefended . That 
would  be amazing  to have  that  be the underlying  cause  of what  is now  being  alleged  to be proof 
positive  of the truth  of white  supremacy  and  white  privilege  governing  law enforcement  in this 
country .
[00:28:44.020]
Anyway , I don't  know  what  happened  there , I'm sure  we will learn  a lot and  it could  point  in both 
directions , right ? It could  be overdetermined . You  know , we could  find  out that  some  of the cops  are
diehard  Trump  supporters  who  totally  sympathized  with  the attack  on the Capitol . And  some 
obviously  did their  best  to resist  it. From  the footage  I've seen , it's easy  to see how  in certain  places ,
at least , the cops  could  have  been  somewhat  mystified  by what  they  were  up against .
[00:29:18.310]
I mean , it was  kind  of mystifying . You  had  people  who  looked  the part  who  looked  like straight  up
insurrectionists , which  is what  they  were .[00:29:27.730]
And then  you had  old ladies  and  old men  who  were  kind  of shuffling  in there  and  then  all the cosplay 
and costumed  weirdness . I don't  put a lot of onus  on a cop  in that  circumstance  who's  trying  to
humor  a bunch  of people  by taking  a selfie . I don't  know  what  the mood  in that  particular  room  was 
like at that  moment , but there  are many  social  cues  that  are hard  to interpret . But the general  picture 
we should  draw  from  what  we know  at this  point  is of a police  force  that  was  totally  under-resourced .
[00:30:05.780]
The cops  were  put in a totally  untenable  position  for reasons  we should  understand , and  something 
like this  can  never  happen  again . Those  cops  got completely  screwed . And  to summarize  their  failure 
as a symptom  of racism , again , even  as you see black  cops  among  them  struggling  to protect  the
place , it's so sloppy  and  disingenuous . And  this  pseudo  insight  is now  raining  down  from  on high  from
every  liberal  voice  in the media . I am genuinely  concerned  that  we have  tens  of millions  of people  in
Trump istan  now  who  are, for all intents  and  purposes , totally  unreachable , but between  them  and  the
rest of us, we have  millions  of conservatives  who  are not QAnon  lunatics , but they  are absolutely 
outraged  over  the selective  application  of outrage .
[00:31:07.060]
And as I said  at the beginning  here , they  are not following  the plot . Right . They  are missing  something 
crucial . The  analogy  between  what  happened  last  week  and  the BLM  riots  is idiotic . But it is easy  to
see how  the media  and  Democratic  politicians  have  totally  discredited  themselves  in their  eyes . That 
has to be corrected . There's  so many  things  here  that  have  to be corrected  and  to just  don't  go on the
right  now , as the Orange  Compline  is driven  out of office  is a colossal  mistake .
[00:31:44.660]
Politically , pragmatically , we have  to figure  out how  to heal  the divide  in our country . Our country  is
shattered . And  Trump  is largely  responsible , but not entirely  responsible . Finally , I just  want  to touch 
upon  the fact  that  Trump  was  finally  banned  from  Twitter . And  while  I admitted  that  there  was  a lot to
debate  here  of interest , I signalled  my approval  of this  in very  clear  terms  on Twitter , for which  I got
fairly  furious  pushback . There  are people  who  seem  way  more  agitated  over  the fact  that  Trump  was 
kicked  off Twitter  than  they  were  over  the attack  on the Capitol .
[00:32:31.060]
This  is a very  interesting  topic  and  I think  there  are many  issues  to debate . But it seems  to me that  in
the case  of Trump , it's not even  a close  call. Trump  has  been  violating  any sane  terms  of service 
policy  on Twitter  for years . He's  threatened  nuclear  war  on Twitter . More  importantly , he has  ruined 
people's  lives  intentionally  on Twitter  as President  of the United  States  with  tens  of millions  of rabid 
followers , many  of whom  he knows  to be quite  deranged , that  he's  attacked  private  citizens 
repeatedly , knowing  that  they  would  be doxxed  and  inundated  with  death  threats .
[00:33:15.190]
That  should  get you kicked  off Twitter . He should  have  been  kicked  off years  ago . In recent  months ,
he's relentlessly  spread  misinformation  about  the election  and  he has  destabilized  our society  in the
process . And  then  he incited  an attack  on the Capitol . Twitter  isn't  obligated  to give  him  a platform  to
do those  things . This  is not a free  speech  issue . This  isn't  a why  can't  we just  debate  all ideas  issue ?
This  is why  should  we let the most  dangerous  cult  leader  on earth  use our platform  to sow  division  in
society  issue ?
[00:33:50.930]
Why  should  we give  him  the tools  to produce  mob  violence ? Honestly , I would  expect  to get kicked  off
Twitter  for causing  one  one  millionth  the harm  Trump  has  caused  on the platform . Many  people  have 
pointed  out an apparent  irony  here  that  the president  of the United  States  has  been  kicked  off Twitter ,
but, you know , Ayatollah  Khamenei  or the Chinese  Communist  Party  still have  their  profiles  up and 
they're  spreading  odious  misinformation . Well , they  should  be kicked  off too. It's not an  argument  for
not kicking  Trump  off.[00:34:29.120]
It's an argument  for being  consistent . Yes , the Chinese  Communist  Party  doesn't  need  Twitter  as a
platform  to spread  its propaganda . That  seems  like a pretty  easy  call, but there  are many  other  things 
to say here . And  I share  people's  concern  about  the power  of big tech  and  especially  the the harm  that
these  social  media  platforms  have  done  to our society . This  needs  to be the focus  of government 
regulation . Right . I think  Facebook  should  probably  be broken  up as a monopoly .
[00:35:01.340]
I think  there's  a lot that  has  to be done  here . But people  have  been  getting  kicked  off Twitter  for far
less every  single  day you've  been  on Twitter , and  it is somewhat  ironic  to see all of these  erstwhile 
libertarians  not be able  to find  their  libertarian  principles  and  recognize  that  private  companies  should
be able  to do whatever  the hell they  want  to do. Twitter  can  kick  anyone  off its platform  it wants  to it
can kick  all the men  off tomorrow  and  all the women  off.
[00:35:33.920]
It can  have  only  trans  people  on the platform  if it wants  to tomorrow . Granted , there  is an interesting 
discussion  to have  about  the power  of these  platforms , maybe  social  media  needs  to be looked  at
more  like telecom . Should  the phone  company  be able  to kick  all the Nazis  off its platform  because  it
doesn't  like what  they  talk  about ? These  are interesting  questions . But we have  much  bigger  problems
that in large  part  have  been  caused  by social  media  and  the malicious  spread  of misinformation  by
some  of the most  powerful  figures  in our society  on these  platforms  is one  of the biggest  problems 
we have .
[00:36:18.140]
And with  less  than  two  weeks  left in his doomed  presidency , letting  an increasingly  destabilized 
Trump  just  tweet  whatever  the hell he wants  to millions  of proper  lunatics , which  is what  everyone 
who  believes  his lies has  become . That  was  an untenable  situation . So it might  have  been  a hard  call
for Jack  and  the other  people  at Twitter , but as far as I can  tell, it was  the right  one . Needless  to say,
there's  a lot we need  to figure  out going  forward .
[00:36:50.600]
I do not have  a crystal  ball here , but I can  tell you what  I'm concerned  about . I am certainly  worried 
that we will see some  Timothy  McVeigh  style  terrorism  coming  from  the right  at some  point . And , of
course , part  of the responsibility  for this  will fall on Trump  and  his enablers . Even  if it happens  months
from  now , I mean , honestly , the lies that  he has  told  will long  outlive  him . Our society  has  been 
poisoned , verifiably  poisoned  by lies.
[00:37:29.100]
And Trump  harbors  an enormous  responsibility  for this . But the antidote  to the lies of Trump  and  his
enablers  can't  be the lies of the left. We need  an intellectually  honest  discussion  about  what's  going 
on in the world . So I am certainly  worried  about  what  the far right  and  the Trump  cult  is capable  of
and to just  for 10 seconds  revisit  a position  I took  long  ago , which  has  now  changed  in light  of recent 
events . Whenever  the topic  of white  supremacy  and  Christian  militia  risk has  come  up, I have  claimed 
to be agnostic  about  how  big a problem  these  things  are in our society .
[00:38:18.350]
Whether  they  were  diminishing , whether  they  were  being  exaggerated  by the people  who  focus  on
those  issues , I now  think  that  everything  in that  cesspool , whatever  you want  to call it, is suddenly  of
much  greater  concern  and  growing  concern . Now , again , given  how  Trump  has  behaved  in recent 
months  to have  nearly  half  our society  believe , I think  the last  poll  showed  that  90 percent  of
Republicans  believe  that  the election  of Joe  Biden  was  fraudulent . I hope  that  number  is wrong ,
maybe  70 percent .
[00:38:58.360]
I don't  honestly  know , I can't  believe  these  numbers , but to have  anything  like half  our society . Believe 
that the government  has  been  stolen , that  is a shattering  of society . We have  to figure  out how  to
remedy  that . So Biden's  presidency , with  all the challenges  he's  going  to face , COVID  and  itseconomic  consequences , the bellicosity  of China , the major  challenges  that  Biden  should  focus  on.
But honestly , one  of the most  important  things  we can  do and  begin  doing  immediately  is figure  out
how  to hold  elections  in this  country  that  are secure  in a way  that  everyone  can  recognize ;
transparent,  unhackable  where  the right  people  get to vote  and  they  know  their  vote  has  counted  so
that when  you lose , you can  admit  you've  lost .
[00:39:57.060]
We simply  have  to figure  out how  to put such  a system  in place . And  I also  think  Biden  should  work 
very hard  to diminish  the power  of the presidency  and  I think  the Oval  Office  has  to be made 
psychopath  proof . Of course , it would  be great  if we could  figure  out how  not to elect  a psychopath  to
the presidency . But once  having  done  that , we need  a system  that  will check  the misuse  of that  office .
Right . We need  laws  where  we only  had  norms  that  Trump  was  more  than  happy  to violate .
[00:40:36.750]
I don't  know  how  that  can  be done . And  I look  to have  people  on the podcast  who  know  much  more 
about  that . But Trump  has  been  a stress  test  of our democracy  that  we nearly  failed  and  we should  do
our best  to learn  from  it. I've just  been  a barrel  of laughs , these  last  two  podcasts . Can  we start  2021 
again , is that OK?  It's January  9th, I'm starting  the New  Year  all over  again . Happy  New  Year ,
everybody .[00:00:21.160] - Sam Harris
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a brief  housekeeping  to tie up some 
loose  ends  from  the last  podcast . I got a fair amount  of pushback , which  to my eye rests  on a
misunderstanding . I'm slightly  embarrassed  that  I didn't  see the grounds  for this  misunderstanding 
when  I recorded  the last  podcast . But it really  does  seem  like a misunderstanding . So let me clear  this
up. I've gotten  a fair amount  of grief  for my claim  that  the police  response  at the Capitol  would  not
have  been  much  different  had  that  been  a BLM  protest  that  became  a siege .
[00:01:06.570] - Sam Harris
I was  pushing  back  against  the claim  that  the behavior  of the cops  at the Capitol  was  a sign  of white 
supremacy , white  privilege , you know , the general  racializing  of the interpretation  of the the failure  to
protect  the Capitol , which  was  happening  everywhere a nd, you know , from  Biden  on down.  And  I stand
by everything  I said  there , but I didn't  recognize  that  this  concept  of police  response  was  open  to two 
meanings . And  many  people  took  it to mean  something  that  I would  call police  presence  rather  than 
the behavior  of the cops  who  were  actually  there .
[00:01:47.790] - Sam Harris
Many  people  allege  that  there  simply  would  have  been  more  cops  there  had  this  been  a BLM  protest 
and that  the fact  that  there  weren't  is a sign  of racism , racism  because  they  were  assuming  that  white
people  would  be well  behaved  and  they  would  have  assumed  that  black  people  would  have  gone  mad 
and attacked  the Capitol . That's  a very  different  claim . It's not one  I was  responding  to in the last 
podcast . I think  a racial  interpretation  of that  assumption  is also  unfounded , but I don't  think  the
assumption  itself  is obviously  wrong .
[00:02:24.960] - Sam Harris
So let me just  clarify  that . I think  it's quite  possible  that  many  people  would  have  assumed  that  a pro
Trump  rally  would  also  be, by default , pro police . That  would  not have  been  a crazy  assumption  given 
all that  has  preceded  us. So therefore , the idea  that  maybe  they  don't  need  a massive  show  of force 
from  the cops  to prevent  an insurrection  because  these  people  are generally  pro cop , maybe  that 
factored  into  the decision  making  around  how  many  cops  should  be there  in the first  place .
[00:03:03.120] - Sam Harris
That  seems  entirely  plausible  to me. Again , I don't  know  what's  true  there . And  I don't  know  that  there 
aren't  other  more  nefarious  reasons  why  there  was  such  a weak  police  presence  there . Again , it could 
have  been  something  that  Trump  ordered . We will find  out if there's  any true  conspiracy  there  or if it's
just negligence  or negligence  based  on bad  assumptions . And  I do touch  upon  this  topic  in today's 
podcast  with  my guests . But there's  no necessary  racist  implication  from  that  difference  in
assumption .
[00:03:38.490] - Sam Harris
And you can  see that  if you just  imagine  what  the cops  would  have  assumed  of an Antifa  protest  had 
there  been  the biggest  Antifa  rally  in human  history  massing  at the Capitol , what  would  have  been  the
posture  of the cops ? Well , I would  bet more  or less  everything  that  it would  have  been  every  bit as risk
averse  as it would  be in the case  of a BLM  protest , which  is to say that  the obvious  animosity  of antifa
to law enforcement  would  have  dictated  exactly  what  people  are claiming  would  have  happened  in
the case  of a BLM  protest .
[00:04:18.840] - Sam Harris
And this  strips  away  the variable  of race  almost  perfectly . Antifa  certainly  seems  to be an almost 
entirely  white  phenomenon . So anyway , that's  a counterfactual  we just  have  to imagine . But I think 
viewing  any part  of this  failure  at the Capitol  in terms  of race  is just  deeply  unhelpful  in addition  to
very likely  mistaken . And  this  would  not change  if we found , as we almost  certainly  would  if we went 
looking , that  some  of the cops  or some  of the decision  makers  are avowed  racists  and  Trump 
supporters .
[00:04:58.740] - Sam Harris
None  of that  changes  the general  picture  of what  happened  here  in the same  way  that  finding  a few antifa  goons  among  the insurrectionists  will not change  our basic  understanding  of what  happened 
there, r ight. This  was  a pro Trump  insurrection , even  if you can  find  some  anti  Trump  far left BLM 
loving  people  in the crowd . So I hope  that  is clear , this  is not at all to suggest  that  we don't  have  a
problem  with  white  supremacy  and  a larger  movement  here .
[00:05:36.670] - Sam Harris
We obviously  do. And  100  percent  of those  people , for all intents  and  purposes , are part  of the MAGA 
cult that  we now  need  to deal  with . So I am not saying  that  racism  isn't  a variable , generally  speaking ,
but to view  what  happened  at the Capitol , specifically  the level  of force  that  was  marshaled  and  used 
or not used  by the people  who  were  there . This  notion  that , again , seems  to have  been  endorsed  by
more  or less  everyone  on the left from  Biden  on down , that  what  we saw  at the Capitol  was  proof 
positive  of white  supremacy .
[00:06:17.650] - Sam Harris
The fact  that  the insurrection  wasn't  put down  better  than  it was  was  a symptom  of racism . There  is
just no way  to look  at this  where  that  conclusion  seems  reasonable  from  my point  of view . And  as I
said  last  time , even  if reasonable , I would  argue  it's the wrong  point  to be making  now . And  everything
else that  is racialized  in this  moment  is also  the wrong  thing  to be doing n ow. T he fact  that  Joe  Biden 
just announced  that  his covid  relief  package  would  be targeted  to non-white  people  suffering  the
economic  effects  of the pandemic , many  of you have  probably  seen  that  video .
[00:06:59.680] - Sam Harris
He stepped  before  the cameras  and  said  that  this  aid would  preferentially  go to people  of color ,
Latinos, h e threw  Asians  in there  as though  Asian-Americans  were  an especially  beleaguered  bunch ,
even  though  in the aggregate  they're  doing  better  than  anyone . This  was  an act of breathtaking 
political  stupidity , given  the political  needs  of the moment , given  the need  to figure  out how  to build  a
bridge  right  of center  at a minimum , given  the need  not to confirm  the paranoia  of everyone , right  of
center , that  there's  a tsunami  of woke-ness  now  breaking  over  all of society  and  the future  for people 
who  want  to get beyond  racializing  every  question  in American  life will be one  of reeducation  by pink 
haired  lesbians .
[00:07:56.050] - Sam Harris
There  is a culture  war  that  needs  to be won  here  and  racializing  everything  isn't  the way  to win it. And 
I defy  anyone  to justify  a skin  color  preference  in the doling  out of covid  aid when  the only  ethical 
basis  really  is economic  need, r ight?  And  if you don't  think  there  are white  people  who  suffered  the
utter  destruction  of their  economic  lives  during  the pandemic , you're  living  in some  kind  of malignant 
fantasy  world . Again , it's the own  goals  that  we should  find  absolutely  unacceptable .
[00:08:35.470] - Sam Harris
And judging  from  how  this  went  off on social  media , this  was  a Lionel  Messi  style  bicycle  kick  into  the
wrong  goal . It's just  incredible . Why  do it? And  finally , I want  to further  contextualize  my support  for
the Twitter  ban  of Trump , about  which  I have  absolutely  no misgivings . There's  nothing  that  has 
happened  in recent  days  that  has  given  me cause  to rethink  that . But obviously , the banning  on social 
media  has  proceeded  apace  there , you know , many , many  accounts  that  have  been  purged .
[00:09:12.280]
And there  was  the seemingly  coordinated  dismantling  of the parlor  app  parlor's  the social  media , or
was a social  media  platform  favored  largely  by conservatives  and  no doubt  some  conservative 
lunatics . Let me just  say that  all of those  further  iterations  of de platforming  seem  far more 
complicated  to me and  merit  serious  debate  about  the role  that  social  media  companies  play  in our
lives  and  the power  of these  platforms . And  in the case  of Parla , it's not just  social  media  companies 
here . We have  the very  infrastructure  of the Internet , in particular  Amazon's  cloud  services , deciding  to
disgorge  a whole  platform  and  a business  that  was  probably  valued  at a billion  dollars  at that  point 
from  the Internet  itself .
[00:10:08.740]
This  is a kind  of digital  exile  which  may  or may  not have  been  warranted . A surprising  number  oferstwhile  libertarians  seem  very  comfortable  with  the idea  that  private  corporations  should  be forced 
to keep  people  on their  servers  so as to not show  any political  bias  and  be forced  to provide  tools  for
people  who  are avidly  spreading  misinformation  that  is fragmenting  our society . This  kind  of thing 
has to be argued  for, and  there's  no straightforward  move  to make  from  the First  Amendment  to
enforcing  the behavior  of people  who  run these  businesses  is just  to say that  my mind  is really  not
made  up on many  of the specifics  there .
[00:10:53.130]
I think  it's going  to be a fascinating  and  consequential  debate  to have . But as to whether  or not the
various  digital  platforms  are justified  in trying  to contain  the damage  that  Trump  may  yet attempt  to
do by essentially  regurgitating  him  and  his digital  life into  the abyss , given  what's  at stake  here  and 
given  what  a bad  actor  he has  been , that  just  seems  to me to be a very  easy  call. And  it's not made 
more  difficult  by the apparent  inconsistency  of not being  able  to close  all the other  accounts  that 
arguably  should  be closed  at the same  moment , you know , whether  it's the Chinese  Communist  Party 
or any other  malicious  source  of misinformation , there's  an enormous  mess  to clean  up.
[00:11:41.410]
But Trump  was  an all too identifiable  piece  of that . And  any case , those  are my two  cents . As I said ,
there's  much  more  to talk  about  generally  about  the power  of big tech , and  I'm sure  I'll pull together 
several  conversations  on that  topic  in the future . OK, well , today  I'm speaking  with  General  Stanley 
McChrystal  and  his colleague , Chris  Fussell . Both  of whom  have  been  on the podcast  before  we
spoke  last  year , just  as the pandemic  was  beginning  to get rolling  and  what  a quaint  conversation  that
was in light  of all that's  since  happened .
[00:12:19.510]
General  McChrystal  is a retired  U.S.  Army  four  star  general  who  served  more  than  thirty  four  years  in
the military , and  he was  the commander  of all American  and  coalition  forces  in Afghanistan . That  was
his last  assignment . He's  written  several  books , including  a memoir  titled  My Share  of the Task , which
was a New  York  Times  bestseller . And  he's  a senior  fellow  at Yale  University's  Jackson  Institute  for
Global  Affairs . He's  also  the founder  of the McChrystal  Group . And  his partner , Chris  Fussell  also 
teaches  at Yale .
[00:12:51.370]
And he and  General  McChrystal  wrote  Team  of Teams  New  Rules  of Engagement  for a Complex 
World , which  was  also  a New  York  Times  bestseller . Chris  was  a commissioned  naval  officer  and  he
spent  15 years  in the Navy  SEALs  at various  points  around  the globe . And  he served  as an aide  to
camp  to General  McChrystal . And  Chris  is also  on the board  of directors  of the Navy  SEAL 
Foundation , and  he's  a lifetime  member  of the Council  on Foreign  Relations . And  both  of these  guys 
have  a podcast  they  do together  called  No Turning  Back .
[00:13:22.840]
And that  should  be available  wherever  you get your  podcasts . And  given  the gravity  of today's  topic ,
this podcast  is yet another  episode  that  is not paywall . It's a PSA  of sorts . But if you want  to support 
the podcast  and  you want  to get full episodes  in general , you can  do that  by subscribing  at Sam  Harris
TAG . And  as always , if you can't  afford  it, you can  request  a free  account  through  the website . And 
now , without  further  delay , I bring  you General  Stanley  McChrystal  and  Chris  Fussell .
[00:14:01.170]
I am here  with  General  Stanley  McChrystal  and  Chris  Fussell . Gentlemen , thanks  for joining  me again .
Thanks . Thanks  for having  us. We were  on the podcast  nearly  10 months  ago . We were  about  a
month  into  the pandemic . So this  was  the beginning  of April . And  I remember  being  quite  sheepish ,
even  asking  you guys  about  the possibility  of civil  unrest . I think  I framed  it as something  that  we
would  have  a responsibility  to at least  touch  on, you know , given  your  expertise .
[00:14:38.620]
But, you know , I think  I hasten  to say something  like, you know , obviously  I don't  I don't  expect  this . We
don't  want  to be scare  mongering . Right . And  I look  back  on that  conversation  and  I think , oh, how naive  I was . It's hard  for me to even  reclaim  that  view  of the world , given  all that's  happened  in the
intervening  months . So I don't  think  we need  to focus  on it. I just  perhaps  will be relevant  to some  part
of the conversation  to acknowledge  how  much  social  unrest  and  occurred  over  the summer  around 
the Black  Lives  Matter  protests  that  many  of which  devolved  into  riots , all of the craziness  in Seattle 
and Portland , all of the the very  weird  political  responses  to that , you know , especially  on the left, the
calls  to defund  the police  as though  that's  what  we needed  at that  moment .
[00:15:33.690]
All of that  is just  the context  in which  I want  to talk  to you about  what  has  now  happened  in Trumper 
and what  happened  at the Capitol  last  week  and  the prospects  that  we may  be facing  some  kind  of
insurgency  in our society  coming  from  the right . So I guess  let's  just  start  with  last  week . What  were 
you guys  thinking  when  you saw  what  was  unfolding  at the Capitol  on the 6th? Yes , and  thanks , I'll
start  by what  I was  thinking  about  was  an experience  from  my youth .
[00:16:08.850]
I grew  up most  of my school  years  in Arlington , Virginia , right  across  the street  from  the Capitol  and 
from  Stonewall  Jackson  Elementary  School , where  I went  a short  walk  away  was  an area  now  called 
Ballston , which  is a built-up  shopping  center . But back  in the mid  nineteen  sixties , it was  also  the
location  of the headquarters  of the American  Nazi  Party . And  you could  walk  to a white  frame  house 
that had  a porch  on the front  and  you could  stand  in front  of it and  you could  see a large  painted  sign 
that was  about  20 feet  across .
[00:16:41.880]
That  said , white  men  fight , smashed  the black  revolution . And  then  periodically  a young  man  would 
walk  out, you know , early  20s  wearing  a brown  stormtrooper  uniform  with  a swastika  armband . And  I
remember  watching  that  and  then  is what  I saw  last  week . As I saw  some  of the activities  around  the
capital , I thought  about , we have  a history  in the United  States . Of extreme  thinking . And  you
remember  in nineteen  sixty  five, you could  have  an American  Nazi  party , but you certainly  would  not
have  seen  that  in Germany  it was  outlawed  because  they  had  a bad  experience  with  it.
[00:17:23.450]
And so as I watched  what  happened  around  the capital , I thought  about  the danger  of very  radical 
thinking  and  people  who  become  energized  and  in some  ways  consumed  by very  extreme  ideas . And 
so I started  to think  of what's  happened , why  it happened . You  know  what's  going  to happen  next  and 
what  we could  do about  it. For me, it was  a reflection  on, you know , experiences  in the
counterterrorism  world  dealing  with  threats  like al-Qaida , et cetera .
[00:18:00.040]
It took  me a while  post  9/11 , being  on the battlefield , et cetera , to really  dive  in and  say this  isn't  just 
this didn't  start  yesterday .
[00:18:08.230]
There's  a there's  a decades  long  history  to stands  point  on to how  how  these  movements  get to the
point  where  they've  turned  into  something  that  is extremely  violent  and  dangerous . And  you've  lost  a
lot of your  other  lovers  by the time  it crosses  that  threshold . And  so what  I spent  time  doing  then  was 
diving  in and  studying  that  history . And  what  I saw  when  I was  watching  on the news , et cetera , like
the rest  of us, what  I was  seeing  was  we are we are danger  close  to that  edge , at which  point  the
measures  and  responses  are going  to reach  a threshold  that  we're  going  to be very  uncomfortable 
with  as a free  society .
[00:18:46.540]
And we have  to work  really  hard  over  the next  six to 12 months  to pull it back  from  that  brink . Yeah , I
want  to talk  about  the underlying  problem  of, you know , what  people  believe  is true  about  the nature 
of the world  and  how  unreachable  certain  people  seem  to be at the moment  by dialogue . But let's  just 
focus  on what  actually  happened  to the capital  and  everything  that  is still mysterious  about  that . And  I
think  many  people  marvel  at the fact  that  there  was  such  an inadequate  police  presence  and  they're 
looking  for reasons  why  that  is so.[00:19:24.090]
And some  are conspiratorial  and  seemingly  fairly  sinister . Some  are just  can  be ascribed  to bad 
assumptions  or bad  luck . I'm wondering  what  you think  about  let's  just  take  that  single  variable  of why
there  was  such  an inadequate  staffing  and  just  why  there  was  there  was  a basic  assumption  that 
more  security  wasn't  required , given  all that  had  preceded  that  day.
[00:19:53.940]
If you remember  in the 9/11  Commission  report , probably  the most  memorable  line is they  say that  it
was a failure  of imagination , of intelligence  people  to imagine  that  an organization  like al-Qaida  could 
do a plot  and  operation  as detailed  and  as ambitious  as if 9/11  assault  was . I would  say that  if we
spend  a lot of time  worrying  why  there  weren't  enough  Capitol  Police  or enough  barricades  around  the
capital , we run the risk of missing  the forest  for the trees . The  thing  that  was  difficult  for most 
Americans  to imagine  as you would  assemble  thousands .
[00:20:35.030]
People , many  of whom  were  very  radicalized  in the nation's  capital , have  the president  of the United 
States  address  them  and  invite  and  encourage  them  to walk  down  and  confront . Congress , where  it
works , I think  it was  difficult  for most  of us to imagine  that  occurring  and  and  I don't  think  we could 
possibly  imagine  that  they  would  then  try to break  in to the Capitol . And  so I think  we need  to we as a
people  and  a government  need  to avoid  the temptation  to immerse  in a lot of the details , step  back ,
blur our eyes  a bit and  say, now , wait  a minute , this  is the big problem , the fact  that  this  could  even 
frame  up as a potential  situation .
[00:21:21.950]
Yeah , and  watching  the.
[00:21:25.360]
You know , Stan , I spoke  with  this  vocalised  that's  during  the during  the day and  afterwards  and , you
know , trained  individuals , trained  units  are less  frightening  in many  ways  than  a mob . And  that's  what 
we saw . A mob  mentality  is completely  out of control .
[00:21:41.590]
Right ? It takes  on a life of its own . And  that's  what  we that's  what  I witnessed  that  that  day, coupled 
with  lack  of creative  thinking .
[00:21:48.130]
Why  would  you assume  this  would  happen , et cetera . And  so as soon  as they  breached  the front  walls
and came  in mass , then  it was  the outcomes  were  completely  unpredictable . There's  no way  that  that 
Capitol  Police  force  could  have  reacted  in a way  to hold  that  back . It was  determined  to get into  the
building . Now , hindsight  being  20/20 , of course , but we all remember  the days  when  we were  we flew 
around  the country , around  the world  in aircraft  with  an easily  open  and  closed  cockpit  door .
[00:22:17.740]
And that  would  seem  ridiculous  in today's  environment . So that  was  a blink  moment . We will never 
look  at those  things  the same .
[00:22:26.400]
Yeah , well , so one  thing  that's  been  said  a lot in response  to this  question  is that  this  is a sign  of
racism  in our society  and  white  privilege  and  white  supremacy . The  full allegation  being  that  had  this 
been  a Black  Lives  Matter  protest , there  would  have  been  much  more  of a police  presence  there . And 
this is often  combined  with  a distinct  claim , which  is that . And  when  I addressed  previously  on a
podcast  that  police  presence  aside , the police  would  have  behaved  themselves  differently  had  this 
been  a black  lawyer , largely  black  mob  assailing  the capital , which  is to say more  people  would  have 
been  killed , more  people  would  have  been  beaten  up and  bloodied  and  certainly  arrested  at the end  of
it.[00:23:16.930]
And I think  that  the first  assumption  may  have  some  truth  to it. But I think  in both  cases , bringing  race 
into this  question  is profoundly  unhelpful  and  almost  certainly  misleading . I just  want  to just  bounce 
my thinking  off of you guys , not to take  the conversation  far in this  direction . But I think  this  is a truly 
toxic  way  of framing  what  happened  at the Capitol . And  it is it's making  the people , you know , it's still
in Trump's  base  harder  to reach  because , as you know , it's again , this  is basically  saying  that , you
know , all of you are in the Ku Klux  Klan  who  have  in any way  supported  this  president , as we saw  on
the first  point , that  the question  of police  presence , the fact  that  there  is just  there  simply  weren't 
more  cops  called  in advance , I think  it's easy  to see.
[00:24:05.770]
And again , there  could  be many  other  explanations  for this , and  some  of them  could  be totally 
nefarious . Right . I mean , it could  be that  Trump  decided  he wanted  to leave  the capital  unprotected .
You know , this  is the kind  of thing  people  are thinking  now . But leaving  all of that  aside  and  leaving 
aside  the prospect  that  we may  discover  that  some  of the people  in the police  force  at the Capitol 
were  actually , you know , quite  sympathetic  to the mob  and  let them  in without  with  just  a wave  and  a
nod.
[00:24:30.040]
And some  video  suggests  that  that  was  going  on. Leaving  that  aside , just  the question  of could  it
have  been  that  there  was  an assumption  on the part  of people  who  were  deciding  to staff  the Capitol 
that a pro Trump  rally  would  essentially  be, by default , be pro cop ? You  know , these  are people  who 
have  been  supporting  law enforcement  by and  large . And  this  can  be obviously  contrasted  with  a BLM
rally where  the much  of the animus  is explicitly  directed  against  law enforcement .
[00:25:04.900]
The reason  why  I think  you can  strip  race  as a variable  completely  out of that  problem  is that 
whatever  assumption  would  be made  about  a BLM  rally  would  have  been  made  perhaps  in triplicate 
against  an Antifa  rally  and  antifa . You  know , it's certainly  mostly  a white  organization . Right . So it's
like the variable  here  is the attitude  toward  law enforcement , not the color  of people  skin  or at least 
that that  would  be my claim . But I'm wondering  if you think  that  played  a role  here .
[00:25:35.250]
Just  a few  reactions , one  on the main , I'm not an expert  in this  space  at all, but the there's  there  is a
an equity  discussion  that  will be had  on the backside  of this . And  I've had  that  like yourself  a few 
times  over  the last  week  with  different  friends . But I've always  reacted  to it is like there's  a
conversation  to be had  there .
[00:25:58.530]
But if two  helicopters  go down  on the battlefield , you don't  walk  into  the general  and  say, I don't  think 
they  had  enough  seatbelts  on the first  helicopter . Right . Get solve  the problem  that's  in front  of you.
And we will solve  the bigger  issues  behind  that  on the on the back  side .
[00:26:12.270]
But the you know , the house  is on fire. Let's  let's  let's  save  the other  discussions  for for further  down 
the road , which  are are important  wants  to have .
[00:26:21.540]
I think  there's  one  variable  that  isn't  yet including  this  these  conversations , which  is the an exposure 
bias  from  the Capitol  Police . Right . I up until  six months  ago  lived  a mile  from  the front  of the Capitol 
building .
[00:26:36.570]
And every  other  day there's  some  sort  of protests  surrounding  the Capitol , Supreme  Court , etc.  That's 
the world  that  those  officers  live in day after  day.
[00:26:47.730]And if if that  was  your  exposure  and  none  of them  in your  eight  years  of working  in the Capitol  Police 
had ever  stepped  through  even  a simple  metal  barrier . You  can  understand , I imagine  in the planning 
rooms  they're  thinking , OK, it's going  to be a bigger  crowd . Here's  how  we respond  to those  not saying
it's right , but you get normal  routinized  into  how  these  crowds  react . And  certainly  there  was  a
moment  when  they  all realized  they  got it completely  wrong .
[00:27:15.330]
But I, I would  assume  there  wasn't  a calculated  discussion  in the planning  at the rank  and  file level 
about  this  group  versus  this  group .
[00:27:25.920]
Sam , I think  that  the bigger  question  that  Chris  hinted  at there  was  this  is a group  that  wouldn't  be
expected  to cross  a police  line, wouldn't  be expected  to get violent  against  people  that  they've  got a
lot of connections  to and  wouldn't  be expected  to storm  the Capitol . And  yet they  did a largely  white 
crowd  of people  that  the policemen  have  been  interviewed  have  described  as true  believers . One , use
the term  rabid  dog , people  who  have  become  so fervent  in their  outrage  and  their  sense  of loss  that 
they  have  got to take  an action  that  theoretically  would  be very  counter  to a law and  order  attitude  in
their  part  of society .
[00:28:15.210]
So to me, what  is causing  this  part  of largely  white  population  to get to this  point  and  to take  these 
kinds  of actions ?
[00:28:25.650]
Yeah , I want  to get into  the the ideas  here , but I just  have  another  question  about  what  was  happening
at the Capitol , because  I think , first  of all, the video  is so varied , but in aggregate , it is kind  of
mystifying . And  I'm left with  the feeling  that  it is something  close  to a miracle  that  more  people 
weren't  killed . What's  surprising  to me is not that  five people  died , but that  50 or more  didn't  die.
Because  I guess  I want  to ask you about  the rules  of engagement  in a situation  like that .
[00:28:59.220]
We granted  that  the crowd  was  so varied  that  I could  imagine  that  the experience  of some  cops  in
various  parts  of this  siege  was  quite  unlike  the experience  of other  cops . I mean , there  could  be
confronted  with  a weird  group  of people  who  are not really  looking  like combatants . I mean , they're 
they're  dressed  in weird  costumes . Some  of them  are surprisingly  old. You  know , you have  this  some 
footage  of a cop  taking  selfies  with  one  group . And  like that  is quite  unlike  imagery  of cops  being 
beaten  over  the head  with  with  American  flags  and  being  crushed  in doorways .
[00:29:34.260]
And you just  kind  of the surging  violence  that  we see in other  videos . But I guess  my question  was ,
once  the capital  was  breached , I mean , once  people  were  breaking  down  doors  and  climbing  through 
windows  and  the cops  were  the only  thing  standing  between  them  and  our nation's  leaders . And  you
have  some  people  calling  for the deaths  of Mike  Pence  and  Nancy  Pelosi . I'm just  amazed  that  there 
weren't  scenes  where  every  single  person  who  came  through  a door  got shot  from  the cop's  point  of
view .
[00:30:12.290]
I mean , I can  see that  there's  an element  of self-preservation  here , because  if you start  shooting 
people  and  you don't  have  enough  ammunition  to shoot , everybody  will then  eventually  you're  going  to
be killed  by a mob . But to not have  shot  people  at that  point , at some  point  in the inner  sanctum  of
that building , to not have  really  just  said  this  is actually  war  is to have  placed  the safety  of our
congressmen  and  women  in the hands  of a mob  that  had  just  shown  a willingness  to overwhelm 
police  officers  and  risked  their  lives  in the process .
[00:30:46.770]
That  just  seems  totally  untenable  to me. So I guess  I'm just , you know , it's a very  long  way  of asking .
Are you surprised  from  state  a use of force  perspective  that  more  people  weren't  killed  by cops ?[00:30:59.700]
I'm really  not salmon , and  it's because .
[00:31:04.550]
You know , if I learned  anything  from  my years  in the SEAL  teams , the the exposure  that  even  an
extremely  well-trained  individual  needs  to that  level  of violence  and  uncertainty , to be able  to think 
really  clearly  in the moment  is it's difficult .
[00:31:21.530]
Right . And  I think  the situation  probably  changed  on them  so quickly  that  they  were  overwhelmed ,
surrounded .
[00:31:30.440]
And from  what  I've heard , some  of the interviews  after  the fact  made  several  made  the right  decision ,
realizing  if I draw  my weapon  right  now , I will shoot  eight  people  and  then  I'll lose  my firearm . I will
certainly  die. And  then  they'll  be armed  and  they'll  have  my other  two  magazines . And  now  I have 
armed  armed  masses .
[00:31:47.330]
So I think  the clearest  heads  we're  trying  to do that  decollete , which  is extremely  difficult  to do in a
mob .
[00:31:53.930]
And I we we run the risk of sort  of a Hollywood  image  of what  it looks  like, you know , the barrel 
chested  guy with  a gun  who  can  take  on the big crowd . But if they  hadn't  been  exposed  to that  before 
and what  happens  to one , there's  countless  studies  out there  about  this . An individual's  white  space 
shrinks  down  to survival  in the moment .
[00:32:16.580]
Now , compare  to the forces  that  that  stand  led, I was  I was  part  of there  were  operators  that  had  been
in violent  situations  hundreds  of times . You  know , I knew  an operator  who  pulled  a pin on a grenade  in
the middle  of a gunfight  realized  there  was  a child  in the room  repin  the grenade  while  getting  shot  at.
Like, that's  that's  super  human  mental  behavior . Right . And  we assume  and  expect  that  of a D.C. 
police  officer  who  suddenly  surrounded  by 400  people  who's  there  trying  to crush  him  to death .
[00:32:47.420]
Right . So I didn't  see anything  in there  that  I thought  was  completely  irrational  behavior . There  will be,
I think , unfortunately , probably  some  sympathetic  findings  that  people  were  more  on the side  of the
protesters  than  than  they  then  on the side  of the members  of Congress , which  will be terrible . But to
the person  I understood , the responses  that  I was  seeing  for the most  part , it seemed  I would  add 
there , I think  Chris  nailed  it.
[00:33:12.080]
I believe  that  had  the Capitol  Police  been  told  to expect  violence , had  they  been  depicted  as the 300 
Spartans  holding  the line against  thousands  of Persians , that  they  would  have  been  much  more 
mentally  focused  on responding , probably  with  lethal  force . But as Chris  described , they  didn't  expect 
this crowd  to do that  kind  of activity  at the Capitol . And  so I think  as it came  and  then  they  were 
largely  atomized . You  know , in many  cases , police  were  in very  small  groups  and  it was  more  difficult 
to feel  like you were  part  of a cohesive  organization  that  could  effectively , truly  resist .
[00:33:51.170]
Yeah . So let's  talk  about  some  of the the underlying  causes  of this , which  really , to my mind , rests  on
this seething  cauldron  of ideas , most  of which  are almost  certainly  false  and  should  be easily  judged 
false . And  yet we're  dealing  with  people  who  seem  to have  kicked  themselves  loose  of the earth  and 
are now  apparently  unreachable  by argument . I mean , we have  a personality  cult  around  Trump  that 
seems  to be wrapped  in uncountable  layers  of conspiracy  theories  and  lies.[00:34:28.070]
We have  Kuhnen , which  is the kind  of crazy  Cristol  and  core  of this  movement . And , you know , that  is
has point  of contact  with  a much  older  phenomenon  of white  nationalism  and  Christian  identity . And 
we have  a kind  of quasi  religious  commitment  to the idea  that , you know , in the proximate  case , the
election  of Joe  Biden  is a total  fraud . Right . We have  this  election  fraud , fraud  being  perpetrated  by
the president  and  by his enablers  and  by some  prominent  people  in Congress .
[00:35:03.620]
And so we have  people  who  are absolutely  sure  that  their  country  has  been  stolen  from  them  and  that
this is all now  just  American  history  has  become  a a dangerous  farce . And  there's  no there's  no
institution  that  can  be trusted . Right . Except  for the personality  of Trump  on some  level . And  then  just 
this tissue  of conspiracy  theories  that  spread  over  social  media  and  now  which  every  effort  to contain
this misinformation  is seen  as, you know , yet another  sinister  sign  of global  control  right  by our
overlords  in Silicon  Valley  or by a cult  of crazy  liberal  cannibals  who  are molesting  children .
[00:35:50.960]
Really , the sky's  the limit  in terms  of what  you can  believe , apparently . So I want  to talk  about  this 
general  phenomenon  and  what  you think  we can  do about  it. But I'm especially  concerned  about 
some  reports . We hear  that  there  are, for instance , Kuhnen  sympathizers  or, you know , True-Blue 
cultists  in our nation's  military  and  in law enforcement . I mean , like that  the ideas  are, you know , the
call is is potentially  coming  from  within  the house  at certain  of these  moments .
[00:36:22.760]
What  do you think  about  this  and  how  do we begin  to talk  our way  out of this ? Great . Chris  and  I had  a
conversation  before  the podcast  and . One  of the things  that  he pointed  out that  I thought  was  a great 
analogy  was  this  isn't  a brain  aneurysm . This  isn't  a condition  that  just  suddenly  appeared  in US
society . In reality , this  is a lifestyle  health  problem  that  we've  had  over  time  that  began  decades  ago .
And as we talked , there's  there's  a history  of periods  of extremism , the ism  of the United  States , such 
as the rise  of the Ku Klux  Klan  in the 1920s , which  a lot of people  don't  realize .
[00:37:05.690]
But I would  say that  the hardest  part  of this  really  probably  goes  back  to the 1950s . We came  out of
the Second  World  War  and  we were  in the early  stages  of the Cold  War . And  suddenly  white  men ,
which  were  the predominant  demographic  there  at the Capitol , white  men  started  losing  ground . They 
started  losing  their  privileged  position . And  what  that  meant  was  they  lost  some  of it to the equal 
rights  movement  for gender , for women . They  lost  some  of it to the civil  rights  movement .
[00:37:35.450]
They  lost  some  of it to the globalization  of the economy . So the relatively  and  maybe  undeserved 
privileged  position  that  a white  worker  had  for generations  was  suddenly  under  threat . And  that 
caused  great  frustration . That  caused  a sense  of loss . And  we've  seen  that  for several  decades  now .
It was  also  matched  by fear , fear  that  they  would  be displaced  in society , in fact , be in a position  of
the oppressed  versus  the oppressor .
[00:38:03.880]
You know , such  as they  had  seen  minorities  before , and  so when  you put together  frustration  and  fear ,
you get the combination  of desperation  or you get the output  of desperation . And  so suddenly  they 
become  fertile  ground  for accepting  things  that  they  want  to believe . They  want  to believe  that  all of
this is the result  of a conspiracy . They  want  to believe  that  there  are evil people  doing  this  to them  and
they  want  to believe  that  there  are relatively  simple  fixes  to it, like a demagogic  leader  who  comes  and
is able  to say, I will give  you the solution  to your  problem , will build  a wall , will do various  things .
[00:38:44.560]
And so what  we've  seen  now , I think , is a fairly  evolved  radicalization  of part  of our population .
[00:38:52.180]And it's accelerated  by things  like social  media , the ability  to communicate  so quickly  and  the ability 
to limit  what  you hear  of information  sources  to those  which  you already  agree  with . And  as you
become  more  radicalized , what  we see is you become  more  and  more . Of a tendency  to listen  to
those  things , which  makes  you it's a self  reinforcing  loop . So I think  what  we've  got now  is a
significant  part  of our society  that  believes  what  they  believe  and  they  believe  it fervently  and  they 
believe  it to the point  where  they  are willing  to do violence .
[00:39:27.630]
If we go back  to The  Turner  Diaries  from  the 1970s , which  Timothy  McVeigh  had  a copy  with  him 
when  he in Oklahoma  City . What  we see is it's not new , but it's been  evolving  in American  society .
[00:39:40.110]
And I think  we've  now  got a much  worse  physical  condition  in our society  than  that .
[00:39:45.310]
We have  yet admitted  Savar  just  build  on that  by analogizing  to our as our understanding  of al-Qaida 
Deepend  and  other  extremist  movements . We started  to look  at it through  sort  of a Venn  diagram ,
three  three  circles  on a page . The  biggest  circle , if they're  moving , say, left or right , the biggest  circle 
being  those  that  sort  of can  can  be broadly  empathetic . I don't  agree  with  their  actions , but I get it. I
understand . I know  why  they're  angry .
[00:40:16.200]
The middle  circle  being  those  that  are willing  to donate  to the cause , somehow  support  it and 
oftentimes  through , you know , a third  cut out charity , etc.  But they  kind  of know  where  it end  up. And 
then  the for the final  circle  being  those  that  are willing  to take  action . And  it goes , you know , big,
medium , very  small . And  I would  for most  of the fight  against  al-Qaida  and  others , the overlap 
between  those  three  circles  was  very  much  on the fringe .
[00:40:42.900]
Right . Just  a small  overlap  between  broad  empathy  and  and  support . And  then  very  few  of those 
supporters  actually  willing  to take  action . What  is scary  now  and  I think  social  media  has  a huge 
negative  role  in this  and  they  need  to come  to to account  for that  and  talk  about  how  they're  going  to
change  and  work  on the algorithms  that  drive  those  circles  together . And  the scene  on the capital  was
a physical  manifestation  of those  three  circles  overlapping . And  you have  you have  the extremist 
action  arm  in the mix  with , you know , an elder  couple  that  drove  from  the middle  of the country 
because  they  thought  they  they  were  being  told  this  was  an important  action  for them  to take  as good
Americans .
[00:41:26.040]
And that's  a frightening  place  to be. When  those  three  overlap , you have  a much  deeper  problem  on
your  hands  than  you thought  you did. So what  do you think  we should  do now ? I guess  I guess  let's 
before  we jump  into  that , let's  talk  about  the challenge , the immediate  challenge  that's  before  us,
which  is securing  the inauguration  and , you know , finally  accomplishing  a peaceful  or semi  peaceful 
transfer  of power . What  are your  expectations  for the next  few  days  who  are recording  this  on the
Friday  before  the inauguration ?
[00:41:58.350]
We will release  this  almost  certainly  a day or two  before  the inauguration . So many  people  will be
hearing  us before  the the final  shoe  has  dropped  and  just  simply  hoping  that  the inauguration  is
brought  off without  anything  terrible  happening . What  are you guys  thinking  about  and  expecting  at
this point ? Yes , ma'am . From  experience , I would  tell you, we need  to lock  it down , we need  to prevent 
violence  and  we need  to make  it obvious  to everybody  that  there  is not an opportunity  for violence .
[00:42:32.960]
And those  who  try to do it will be dealt  with , maybe  with  deadly  force  immediately . We have  to do that 
because  my experience  back  from  Afghanistan , interestingly , taught  us that  when  there  is violence  in
an area , whether  coalition  forces  caused  it or whether  Taliban  forces  caused  it, it created  more violence  after  it. It created  an atmosphere  where  it just  became  easier  for people  to to be violent .
[00:42:59.750]
And so in the near  term , what  we've  got to do is absolutely  lock  it down . We've  got to go after  the
perpetrators  from  the last  event . We've  got to make  it clear  now  that's  not a long  term  solution . That 
doesn't  solve  the problem  of radicalization . But what  you can't  do is let the idea  that  this  is a, you
know , a riot after  a soccer  match  that  can  go on with  drunk  patrons  doing  it. You  just  can't  let that 
keep  going .
[00:43:26.210]
So what  do you do with  the the unhappy  juxtaposition  between  our current  security  concerns  and  the
again , it has  a kind  of a quasi  religious  status  in our society , the primacy  of the Second  Amendment ,
such  that  in many  places , I'm not sure  where  D.C.  falls  here . I would  imagine  the laws  are stricter . But
as you know , there  there  are threats  or at least  concerns  around , you know , all 50 state  capitals  as
well in the coming  days . Many  of these  are states  where , you know , open  carry  is legal .
[00:44:01.250]
I mean , it's legal  to walk  down  the sidewalk  with  your  AR 15 proudly  displayed . The  dysfunction  of this
seems  fairly  on ignorable , given  our current  situation . How  do you view  the gun  rights  issue  and  gun 
safety  issue  in the current  climate ? Well , to what  we were  talking  about  earlier , there's  a we want  to
prevent  the point  of no return  here  and  I say that  from  experience , it's the reason  that  a lot of military 
leaders  that  I've known  and  respect  when  they  go into  senior  positions  as civilians  are the doves 
because  they  know  look  at a certain  point  this  is going  to get out of control .
[00:44:45.470]
And if you send  in those  that  are that  are designed  to enact  violence , it's going  to get violent . And  so
let's expend  all means  before  we get there . I don't  think  we're  at that  point  yet, but we are we are
dangerously  close . And  so to stand  point , I think  the immediate  action  is to make  it obvious  and 
uncomfortable  for those  that  would  want  to show  up armed , obviously , that  you can't  you can't  do that
in Washington , D.C.  But in other  states , if they  feel  that  threat , they  have  to make  it a physical 
presence  obvious  enough  immediately  to say this  is this  is going  to be bad .
[00:45:18.530]
If you if you try to go down  that  road , it's it's going  to be bad . But that's  only  one  of multiple  levers  that
have  to be pulled . I think  the the move  that  the big social  media  platforms  any of us have  made  to
push  folks  off of those  platforms  is the right  one . I think  they  have  to start  diving  into  their  their 
algorithms , as I mentioned  earlier , to really  stop  aiding  the coupling  of these  networks . And  in some 
ways , that  is a digital  manifestation  of that  Physick  make  it physically  difficult .
[00:45:52.920]
One of the. One  of the things  we had  in combat  zones  like Iraq  and  Afghanistan , we referred  to as T.
Walsh , you may  you may  recognize  them  from  pictures  of battlefields  in combat  zones  in urban  areas .
[00:46:05.390]
And it's just  to imagine  a big concrete  slab  that  looks  like an upside  down  T, so we call them  T walls .
They're  about  six feet  wide , 15 feet  high .
[00:46:14.450]
And if there  were  two  parts  of the neighborhood  that  were  just  going  to kill each  other , no matter  what
all rationality  had  left the scene , you just  ran a wall  down  the middle  and  you said  now  it's physically 
difficult  for you, to you, to size  the city, interact  with  each  other . That's  not respectful  of your  civil 
rights , that's  not respectful  of your  freedom  of maneuver . That  is simply  there  to prevent  you from 
killing  each  other , because  we think  you're  completely  irrational  at this  point .
[00:46:38.540]
And we have  to do that  in the cyberspace  now , separate  these  groups  out, make  it really  hard  for them
to connect  and  grow .[00:46:44.990]
That  will push  the smarter , more  sophisticated  ones  into  deeper  encrypted  platforms , et cetera . We're 
already  seeing . But that's  a much  harder  task  than  following  somebody , someone  on Twitter  or in a
larger  sort  of public  forum . And  so that  that  is one  step  of many  that  have  to take  place  in the cyber 
world , which  is that  in the physical  world  as well .
[00:47:05.150]
And the next  15 days , let's  say, is critical  to that , tamp  it down  aggressively  locally , nationally , et
cetera , because  if we tip that  next  wire  and  we see suicide  bombers , et cetera , the escalation  of things
we saw  in the battlefield  that  we thought  were  unlikely , then  the levers  you have  to pull get even  more 
draconian .
[00:47:29.870]
And we don't  want  to see that . The  problem  I'm perceiving  here , though , is that  we have  a kind  of
positive  feedback  loop , you know , otherwise  known  as a a self-fulfilling  prophecy , which  you could 
see in miniature  with  something  like, you know , the Branch  Davidian  and  the siege  at Waco . Right . So
you have  a group  of people  who  are paranoid  that  the government  will one  day come  in and  subjugate
them  and  in particular  seize  their  their  guns .
[00:47:59.710]
And so they  begin  buying  guns  and  ammo  with  abandon  so as to prepare  for that  eventuality . And 
they're  very  preparations  put them  on the radar  of the ATF  and  the FBI and  so that  the feds  do come 
knocking  out of concern  that  we have  a crazy  radicalized  cult  and  a compound  filled  with  children 
arming  itself . And  that  very  intrusion  is viewed  in is no surprise  in the most  sinister  way  as a perfect 
confirmation  of prophecy . And  it's just  then  it spiraled  out of control  from  there .
[00:48:37.990]
And so everything  you're  proving  that  we have  begun  to do, you know , kicking  people  off of social 
media  and  trying  to make  it more  difficult  for those  platforms  to be a medium  of radicalization  that  is
being  viewed  as not only  an expression  of hostility  to their  cherished  beliefs , which  it is, but precisely 
the kind  of Orwellian  overreach  that  their  paranoia  is the antidote  for. It's a confirmation  of a
worldview  that  we're  seeing  and  it's so hard  for people  to pass  this  moment  that  people  who  are who 
are, you know , miles  away  from  from  this  ideology , but who  just  have , you know , kind  of basic , you
know , libertarian  attachments .
[00:49:25.810]
Right . You  know , Silicon  Valley  billionaires  are worried  about  the fact  that  Trump  was  kicked  off
Twitter , setting  a bad  precedent  for free  speech . Right . There  are free  speech . You  know , the First 
Amendment  has  essentially  been  privatized , given  just  that , the overwhelming  importance  of having  a
digital  town  square  where  you can  speak  and  if you start  getting  kicked  off all the platforms , what 
does  it even  mean  to say that  we have  a First  Amendment ? So there  are literally  billionaires  who  think 
we have  already  massively  overreached  in kicking  Trump  off Twitter  and  finding  all the Kuhnen 
accounts  and  closing  those  down  as well .
[00:50:03.790]
And so it's there's  a war  of ideas  here  that  has  to be won . And  it's I mean , we're  still, you know ,
cleaning  up the crime  scene  at the Capitol  and  we're  all to my eye. We're  already  losing  this  war  of
ideas . Yes .
[00:50:16.530]
I'm the reason  this  is so hard  for security  forces  or the government  as well , cause  it is because  the
aim of insurgence  or opposition  or terrorist  forces  is to get the government  to overreact . It's to get the
government  to come  in and  do things  that  upset  the population , which  then  drives  people  toward  the
insurgents . If we go back  to April  1775 , colonies  gathered  munitions  west  of Boston . The  British ,
probably  with  a abundance  of caution , wanted  to go seize  those  munitions .[00:50:51.340]
And of course , it produced  Lexington  and  Concord  with  a lot of blood  spilled  and  a hardening  of
positions  on both  sides . And  it caused  a tremendous  number  of people  to join the revolutionary 
cause . You  can't  say that  the British  were  completely  wrong . They  were  trying  to prevent  the use of
those  munitions , but their  actions  do that . And  this  gets  to the point  of what  needs  to be done  now ,
has to be done  with  a very  deft  hand . And  that's  what  we found  in Afghanistan  and  Iraq , because 
many  of the things  you may  do, which  makes  sense  from  a very  simplistic  standpoint , to go get the
bad guy or blow  this  up or to close  this  road , actually  make  the disease  work .
[00:51:31.160]
And so it's got to be done  as part  of a holistic  campaign . But you do have  to stop  the violence . If you
don't  stop  the violence , the fire grows  and  it becomes  uncontrollable . So you've  got to simultaneously 
stop  the violence . But you've  also  got to go after  things  like the information  sources . You've  got to
provide  a counter  narrative  that  is, in fact , compelling . You've  got to convince  the average  person  that 
it is in their  interest  that  peace  and  law and  order  be re-established .
[00:52:02.360]
But but it isn't  easy . There  isn't  a single  solution  that  works  here . No silver  bullet .
[00:52:08.270]
So let's  again , let's  move  from  the capital  outward . What  should  be done  on the basis  of, you know ,
now  the hours  of footage  we have  of of that  crime , just  how  aggressively  should  people  be
prosecuted ? What's  the scope  for, you know , forgiving  more  or less  everyone  who  wasn't , you know ,
caught  walking  out with  a lectern  or some  other  trophy  and  saying , OK, you all of you see the
multitudes  get a mulligan  here . We're  just  going  to prosecute , you know , seventy  five people  or
whatever  it is.
[00:52:44.570]
Just  how  would  you deal  with  with  the aftermath  of that  specific  event ? Yeah , I think  it has  to be
aggressive  across  the board , but I would  expand  my view  on that  to say, as should  video  of rioting  in
Seattle  or pick  your  city like that , if you there  are laws , laws  are laws . And  if you cross  that , you should
be held  accountable  for it. And  so I don't  isolate  that . Just  the capital . This  is an extreme  and  front  of
mind  case , but that  we need  to send  the message  right  now  that  it won't  be tolerated  regardless  of
political  spectrum , regardless  of race , etc.
[00:53:25.200]
, if you are willing  to be in that  extreme . Action  oriented  edge  of the bell curve , you will be held  to
account  for it, that  is the foundation  of a nation  based  on law and  order .
[00:53:37.390]
Well , then  what  do you do with  the the messaging  that  really  is the underlying  cause  of that 
radicalization ? I mean , it seems  to me inescapable  that  the claim  in defiance  of every  procedure  used 
to validate  it, that  the election  was  a fraud , that  we've  had , that  Trump  won  in a landslide . And  yet by
virtue  of incentives  that  simply  do not exist , we had  largely  Republican  election  officials  and 
secretaries  of state  and  governors  and  judges  collaborate  with  the Democrats  to steal  this  election 
for Biden  and  a Supreme  Court , the character  of which  has  been  largely  determined  by Trump  himself ,
didn't  help  for their  own  diabolical  reasons .
[00:54:28.600]
All of this  is a vast  conspiracy , and  this  messaging  has  come  from  either  explicitly  and  implicitly , from
literally  hundreds  of congressmen , some  some  congressmen  and  women  whose  own  election  was 
won  on the very  ballots  they're  claiming  were  fraudulent . Right . I mean , it's like this  is it's a patently 
insane  position  to be arguing  from  if you're  a member  of Congress . And  yet we still have  people  like
Ted Cruz  who  have  tied  themselves  to the mast  of this  sinking  ship  and  seem  to be content  to
disappear  beneath  the waves  with  their  last  words  being  that  this  election  was  stolen .
[00:55:11.140]Right . So clearly , there's  responsibility  there . What  do we do in the face  of that ? It's an interesting 
problem  because  we've  never  really  held  people  to account  for lying  unless  it was  under  oath  for a
legal  issue  and  we've  certainly  not prosecuted  people  for stupidity  or the prisons  would  be even  more 
full.
[00:55:32.690]
So this  is a unique  period  where  I think  we have  got to hold  people  to account  for their  responsibility 
as elected  officials . You  like the election  electoral  process  to do that , but the nature  of
gerrymandering  and  different  areas  doesn't  make  that  possible . But I think  that  that  may  be the most 
difficult  tasks  we have  to undertake  here . How  do we make  it absolutely  unacceptable  to do
something  that  is so cravenly  opportunistic  and  incorrect  and  let people  get away  with  that ? But I
want  to pass  it to Chris  because  there's  an interesting  longer  term  thought  on this .
[00:56:12.280]
I think . Education  of the population , I mean , that  sounds  sort  of Pollyanna  ish, but it has  to be it has  to
be a deliberate  effort  moving  forward . You're  never  going  to debunk  the you know , if I have  a cosmic 
view , return  to the golden  era. I'm at that  one  percent  left or right  on the bell curve . You're  just  you're 
not going  to change  my mind . Right ? I'm just  I'm hardwired  to think  like that . When  I think  about  us
deepening  our understanding  of al-Qaida  as an extremist  network  that  was  expanding  very  quickly ,
there  was  the temptation  out of the gates  to stand's  earlier  point  to say this  is a brain  aneurysm  and 
we need  to cut it out.
[00:56:51.620]
And it took  us a long  time  to recognize  know  this  is this  is diabetes  and  has  been  going  on for
decades . And  we're  just  the latest  chapter  in the evolution . And  there  is that  golden  era extremist 
inside  their  network . But it's much  bigger  than  that . Right . And  so we had  to study  and  understand  so
that we could  radicalize  folks  that  have  gotten  pulled  into  that , but have  an appreciation  for where  it
started  from . And  so with  al-Qaida , you had  to go all the way  back  to the post-colonial  era and  the rise
of pan  Arabism  and  the failure  of Pan  Arabism .
[00:57:26.000]
And under  that  very  draconian , draconian  rule  of of Nasser  in Egypt , the radicalization  of the Muslim 
Brotherhood  and  Zawahiri , who  goes  on to be the thought  leader  in al-Qaida , bin Laden , they  fight  the
Soviets  on the back  side  of that , al-Qaida  is created  as a rational . I would  disagree  to it, but a rational 
argument  saying  we need  a global  army  that  can  defend  Muslim  populations  wherever  they  may  be,
and then  the Gulf  War  happens  and  they're  not invited  to the fight .
[00:57:55.760]
The US is. And  now  we're  in Saudi  Arabia  and  his cause  becomes  we need  to get the foreign  invader 
out of the Holy  Land . It's a rational  argument , but somehow  in a matter  of then  10 or 15 years , both 
series  events  take  place  and  al-Qaida  turns  into  a death  cult . Right . Zarqawi  and  other  young  leaders 
come  in and  say, like what  you've  done  here . 9/11  was  a great  way  to demonstrate  to how  many 
people  we can  kill around  the world  for this  cause .
[00:58:26.990]
And you know  what  I'm going  to do? I'm to start  a civil  war  in Iraq  between  Sunni  and  Shia  using  the
most  barbaric  violence  we can  come  up with . And  I think  it's going  to attract  like minded  sociopaths 
to this  fight . But that  was  that  was  when  we showed  up and  we wanted  to see this  this  acute  group  of
psychopaths . And  it took  me personally  a while  to recognize . Wait  a second . They  are the last  chapter
in a 60 year  history .
[00:58:53.990]
And so if we don't  understand  and  appreciate  that , how  can  we possibly  be radicalize  the fringe  of
that hardcore  inner  cell? And  we have  to take  the same  approach  here . We have  to go back  in our own
history  and  say, look , this  is there's  a hundred , two  hundred  years  of history  as to why  this  group  is
willing , this  middle  circle  is willing  to show  up and  actually  be part  of the action .[00:59:16.220]
How  do we keep  them  from  getting  radicalized  and  becoming  the next  real  violent  threat ? Who's 
willing  to put their  own  life on the line?
[00:59:24.490]
I'm wondering , do you think  there's  anything  Trump  could  say that  could  close  Pandora's  box  here ?
I'm not suggesting  that  there's  any chance  he would  say it, but if he got a proper  firmware  update  to
his brain  and  had  a full mayor  culpa  here  where  he said , listen , guys , you know , I'm I'm a reality  TV
show  star  and  I'm a bit of a con  man  and  I've been  lying  all my life. And  I'm sorry  to say I was  been 
lying  about  election  fraud , too.
[00:59:52.160]
And there  really  is you know , it's there's  every  sign  that  Joe  Biden  really  did win. I mean , I got the
second  most  votes  in American  history . There's  no doubt  about  that . I am great . But the truth  is, I've
just I fought  long  and  hard  for this  and  I probably  fought  a little  too long . And  I wish  Joe  Biden  well 
and all of this  Kuhnen  stuff . I'm not the guy who's  who's  going  to save  you from  the pedophile 
cannibals , because  as far as I know , there  are no pedophile  cannibals .
[01:00:17.270]
And I'm just  going  to go play  golf . And  I'm sorry  I made  such  a mess  here  at the end , some  four  hour 
version  of that  with  appropriate  weeping . And  you know  that  the prospect  that  he might  commit 
seppuku  at some  point  along  the way , would  that  do any good  or would  that  all just  be wrapped  up in
yet another  layer  of conspiracy  where  obviously  the lizard  people  got to our dear  president  and  now 
we have  to fight  all the harder ?
[01:00:43.490]
Sam , I have  a feeling  you must  have  been  drinking  early  today  to even  entertain  that  thought . Here's 
what  I think .
[01:00:49.590]
I don't  think  it would  make  one  bit of difference . I think  Donald  Trump  is a an obese  New  York 
developer  with  funny  hair  who  has  become  a symbol . I don't  think  he's  ever  led this  group . He got out
with  a tuning  fork  and  he found  out that  it resonated  with  the existing  frustration  and  fear  in this 
group . And  so he became  a symbolic  leader  for them  and  he was  convenient  for them . In some  ways 
they  helped  him . They  they  were  something  that  gave  him  a base  that  caused  other  Republicans  to
fall in line.
[01:01:23.810]
But he was  also  very  much  useful  to this  group  because  now  you had  a persona  that  was  relatively 
legitimate  as the position  of the president  of the United  States  would  be, who  was  saying  things  that 
added  the. Intimacy  to this  radical  movement , I think  at this  point , we're  he to come  out and  give  a
discussion . I think  they  would  simply  say that  aliens  have  come  down  and  they've  taken  the beloved 
leader  and  he's  no longer  himself . And  what  we've  got to hold  true  is to the ideas .
[01:01:55.910]
And they  would  continue  to go their  own  way  if he genuinely  tried  to change  the direction  of this 
movement  now . I don't  think  he'd  have  any effect  on it.
[01:02:06.150]
And and , you know , Sam , we saw  something  similar  in in the relationship  between  bin Laden  and 
Zarqawi , the first  real  violent  actor  in al-Qaida  in Iraq , who  was  able  to drive  the movement . And , you
know , you think  Zarqawi  would  have  been , you know , you're  the great  leader . What  should  I do next ?
And as we were  just  discussing , he went  down  a different  path . We saw  the correspondence  back  and
forth  and  bin Laden  tried  to do that .
[01:02:33.860]
And it was  the sorcerer's  apprentice . You  know , the buckets  are running  around  now  and  you can't control  it.
[01:02:38.660]
And Zarqawi's  response  to bin Laden  when  bin Laden  was  sitting  in his home  office  in Abbottabad 
saying , hey, you're  cutting  heads  off, you're  burning  people  in pits .
[01:02:48.080]
This  is not the intent  of the movement . We are here  to fight  the far enemy  that's  over  there  in the
United  States . That  was  the point  of 9/11 . And  Zarqawi's  response  was  essentially , come  say that  to
my face . We are the new  generation . We own  this . And  you're  no longer  relevant  to what's  happening 
on the battlefield . What  about  the relevance  of what  could  happen  to Trump , right ? I mean , like what 
do you think  should  happen  and  what  do you hope  would  happen  in terms  of just  the optics  of, you
know , the kind  of unraveling  of his presidency  or just  how  how  we move  forward ?
[01:03:21.110]
I mean , he's  been  impeached  at the time . We're  recording  this , but there  has  not yet been  a schedule 
of a trial  in the in the Senate . It's almost  certainly  not going  to happen  before  the inauguration . But,
you know , whether  there  will be one  has  not been  announced . Is there  any emphatic  and  ignominious 
closure  to his presidency  that  could  make  this  whole  collection  of of ideas  less  attractive  to people ?
Or do you think  it's uncoupled  from  from  anything  that's  going  to happen  in that  space  as well ?
[01:03:56.270]
Yes, Sam , I think  the answers  on two  different  levels  on the level  of the groups  that  have  been 
radicalized , Trump  has  already  been  martyred . Trump  is now  somebody  who's  had  the job stolen  from
him. So he serves  their  purpose  now , almost  as though  he no longer  is alive . And  so he is going  to
become  this  symbol  in this  idea . I do think , however , holding  him  to account , while  it will give  a little 
bit of fodder  to those  groups , is very  important  for the other  opportunist  politicians .
[01:04:28.160]
I think  what  we've  got to do is make  it very  clear  that  his kind  of behavior , the dishonesty  that  we've 
seen , the leveraging  of radical  ideas  and  whatnot  for his own  purposes  doesn't  pay. And  so I think 
there's  a generation  of existing  and  up and  coming  political  leaders  who  need  that  lesson  and  they 
need  to see it very  clearly .
[01:04:51.650]
Do you guys  have  a sense  of of how  the military  in aggregate  views  this  situation ? Traditionally , I have
assumed  I'm sure  there's  polling  on this , that  the military  has  skewed  Republican  and  and  has  been 
I'm sure  it was  sympathetic  to Trump  up until  a certain  point . And  I'm just  wondering  if where  you
think  we are with  respect  to the perception  of the military  around  what  has  been  happening .
[01:05:19.220]
So based  on my own  experiences  in the service  there , inevitably  there's  going  to be reports  about  this 
Army  sergeant , this  special  operator , ET with  a Kuhnen  account  or who  was  in the mix  in the Capitol 
protest  that  just  the law of averages  tell us that  will happen . But it's important  to remember  a few 
things  that  our military , as it stands , which  makes  it unique  around  the world , is a it's a cross  section 
of our our society . So you have  a cross-section  of opinions .
[01:05:48.710]
It skews  conservative  historically .
[01:05:51.770]
That's  where  a lot of the support  for the military  comes  from  and  the economic  support  for growth  of
the military . So a lot of that  is understandable .
[01:05:59.750]
But I don't  think  we should  get distracted  when  those  stories  come  up that  says  that's  what  the
military  thinks . I get those  questions  all the time , as does  Dan . What  does  it what  does  the military think  about  that  decision  like? Well , I don't  know . The  military  is it is it a person ? The  military  is a
range  of people . So you'd  have  to ask a lot of them  to get a sense , just  like you would  in the general 
population .
[01:06:20.030]
I think  the the amazing  thing  about  the US military  is and  the most  beautiful  thing  about  it is that  it
doesn't  have  a collective  opinion . It will do what  it is asked  to do and  its leaders  will come  back . And ,
you know , if we're  talking  about  just  normal  international  affairs  and  say, here's  the risk calculus  on
that, here's  the range  of your  options , here's  what  it will cost . Here's  how  long  it will take . Does  this 
meet  the intended  end  state  of our civilian  elected  officials ?
[01:06:49.640]
I learned  the most  about  the relationship  and  that  the respect  for civilian  authority  that  the military 
needs  to have  from  the senior  military  leaders  I worked  for when  I was  in the service . It takes  you a
while  to get senior  enough  to understand  there's  a relationship  between  four  star  generals  and 
admirals  and  civilian  elected  officials , even  though  that  elected  official  might  be, you know , thirty 
three  years  old. There's  a demeanor  to differentiation  to the civilian  side  of the Constitution . And  the
military  will be the first  to stand  up and  say that's  that's  the absolute  point .
[01:07:25.190]
So it is at its best  and  collectively  very  unbiased  in that  view . And  so I think  the biggest  risk is we'll  get
distracted  by the story  of the former  special  operator  that  was  somewhere  in the mix  and  take  that  as
representative  of the the broad  military .
[01:07:40.790]
In recent  days , there  has  been  obvious  concern  around  what  Trump  may  yet do in his remaining  days 
in office , and  I think  it's been  reported  that  there  was  a a phone  call from  Nancy  Pelosi  to someone  in
the Pentagon  trying  to seek  out some  assurance  that  the nuclear  football  is not quite  as available  to
Trump  as it might  have  been  during  the rest  of his time  as president . I wonder  if this  is the the
moment  that  we ran into  at the end  of the Nixon  administration  when  he was  drinking  a lot and  I
forget  who  it was .
[01:08:17.740]
I might  have  been  his secretary  of state . Someone  said , if you get any calls  from  the president  in the
middle  of the night  about  initiating  a nuclear  first  strike  on anyone , come  to me first . Right . And  I'm
wondering  what  you think  the posture  is of the military  in this  last  week  of Trump's  term  with  respect 
to any orders  that  might  come  from  the the White  House  to engage  anything  of substance  militarily ?
[01:08:49.450]
I would  say, Sam , that  they  are thoughtful . I would  say they  are always  thoughtful . You  know , whatever
you're  going  to use military  power . If it was  something  as extreme  as launching  nuclear  weapons ,
they're  going  to be extraordinarily  careful  as they  always  are. I think  that  the conversation  between  the
speaker  of the House  and  the chairman  of the Joint  Chiefs  was  no doubt  substantive , but it was  also 
made  public . And  I think  it was  made  public  for a reason  that  people  wanted  to know  that  that 
conversation  had  occurred .
[01:09:23.990]
And so I think  that  there  is a always  a concern  for a decision  which  might  be made  in haste  or in
anger  by any leader . But I think  that  now  we are close  enough  to the end  of President  Trump's 
administration  that . People  are more  thoughtful  than  ever , and  so maybe  not Donald  Trump , but
certainly  the people  around  him  are more  thoughtful  than  ever . So I don't  think  the danger  of that  is
one of the higher  risks  right  now . So if you guys  were  advising  the Biden  administration , what  should 
their  priorities  be in the first  100  days , given  what's  happened ?
[01:10:07.900]
Let's  assume  the inauguration  comes  off without  a hitch . And  obviously , you know , he's  got massive 
challenges . Responding  to covid , responding  to the economic  unraveling  born  of covid , dealing  with an increasingly  aggressive  China , restoring  our stature  in the world  with  respect  to foreign  policy .
Generally , he's  got a lot to do. But he but it seems  to me that  there's  some  post-mortem  on this  great 
unraveling  we've  experienced  in recent  months , you know , around  the election  fraud  and  just  having 
half of a society  believe  that  their  government  has  been  stolen  from  them .
[01:10:49.620]
This  requires  some  tending  to what  do you what  would  you advise ? Sam , I'll beat  the drum  that  I've
been  beating  for nearly  20 years  now , which  I watched  happen  in in the counterterrorism  community 
really  under  McChrystal's  leadership  and  then  generations  beyond . Now , I worked  underneath  a
generation  of leaders  who  were  willing .
[01:11:11.900]
They  came  into  a fight  when  it literally  looked  like sort  of all is lost . Right . We're  not going  to be able 
to beat  al-Qaida , just  overwhelming  odds  and  looking  at the brink  for the force . Right . And  we're  in a
similar  state  right  now . If I was  in that  incoming  administration , you know , things  look  pretty  bleak 
every  direction  you you observe .
[01:11:33.410]
And so. There  was  a recognition  at that  time  in the military , we need  to start  doing  things  differently .
We need  to communicate  in a completely  different  fashion  with  honesty , with  transparency . Don't 
show  me what  the org chart  looks  like. Don't  show  me case  studies  of how  we did in the 90s . We're 
going  to rebuild  this  thing  on on the fly because  we're  losing  because  we are in a lot of trouble .
[01:11:56.140]
And I watched  McChrystal  and  others  put themselves  at the center  of that  and  communicate  with 
forces , civilians , host  nation  allies  all around  the world  on a 24/7  cycle  for years  on end . Now , I
wouldn't  put the president  in that , but his team  needs  to start  thinking  like that . Who  are the people 
that need  to be at the table  and  how  do we get honest  information  into  that  mix  so that  we're  all
having  a dialogue  about  how  we solve  these  problems ?
[01:12:25.390]
What  the president  can  do is enter  into  that  mix  and  reintroduce  ideas  of honesty  and  competency 
and fundamentals  of what  it means  to be a servant  leader . That's  a process , plus  a cultural  change 
that was  critical  for us. And  I think  it's absolutely  what  is needed  right  now , a focused  inter-agency 
whole  of government . Effort  that  breaks  a lot of rules , don't  tell me you can't  share  in that  information .
Don't  tell me you work  for that  person . But we are all Americans  right  now  and  we need  to lean  into 
that.
[01:12:59.560]
And the president  can  set the tone .
[01:13:01.720]
It's nothing  if not interesting . There  is a lot of blue  sky. If you want  to reinvent  civilization  at this  point 
and we'll  get to a place  where  we're  doing  things  differently  and  better  and  cutting  through  just  bad 
assumptions  that  have  led us to the place  where  we're  digging  out from . So I I'm certainly  no one  has 
ever  accused  me of being  an optimist . But I you know , I have  my moments . But it will be it'll be quite  a
relief  to get to the other  side  of the Trump  administration  and  see something  like a resurgence  of
competence  and  professionalism  and  civility .
[01:13:38.680]
And, you know , all of it, all of the qualities  you just  you just  enumerated . Chris , it's I want  to thank  you
both  for taking  the time  to help  educate  me and  my audience  on the kinds  of things  we should  be
thinking  about  and  looking  for going  forward .
[01:13:52.660]
Absolutely . Our pleasure , Sam . Thanks  for having  us. Great  discussion , Sam . Thanks . Thanks  for
trying  to get the message  out there . But.[00:00:06.480]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  we'll  only  be hearing  partial  episodes  of the
podcast . If you'd  like access  to full episodes , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . There 
you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast , you along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content . And  as always , I never  want  money  to be the reason  why  someone  can't  listen  to the
podcast , so if you can't  afford  a subscription , there's  an option .
[00:00:37.740]
Sam  Harris  dug  to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those  requests . No questions 
asked . OK, well , today  I'm speaking  with  Jack  Goldstone . Jack  is a sociologist  and  a professor  of
public  policy  at George  Mason  University . And  he's  one  of the world  experts  on revolutions  and  the
social  and  political  and  economic  variables  that  produce  them . He focuses  a lot on economic  growth 
in a global  economy  and  on the effects  of population  change , on economic  growth  and  how  all this 
feeds  into  the causes  and  outcomes  of revolutions .
[00:01:22.700]
And I must  say, I was  very  impressed  with  how  clearly  he frames  these  issues . And  we talk  about 
many  of the relevant  variables  here , inequality  of various  kinds , wealth  inequality  included  failures  of
social  mobility , changes  we might  make  to the tax code , new  norms  around  social  responsibility  that 
we clearly  need . I probably  don't  have  to remind  you that  a few  short  weeks  ago , we witnessed  the
capital  stormed  by a mob  whose  diverse  interests  and  commitments  certainly  included  an intent  to
overthrow  the government  of the United  States .
[00:02:06.980]
So talking  about  the prospect  of revolution  at this  point  in American  history  doesn't  seem  as paranoid 
as it otherwise  might . And  I'm convinced  that  we really  need  to keep  all of the trends  that  are leading 
to this  level  of political  instability  and  hyper  partisanship  in view  and  this  conversation  as an excellent 
place  to start . So now , without  further  delay , I bring  you Jack  Goldstone . I am here  with  Jack 
Goldstone . Jack , thanks  for joining  me. My pleasure . Good  to talk  to you.
[00:02:47.750]
So before  we dive  into  the matter  at hand , how  do you summarize  your  background ? What  are your 
what's  been  your  professional  and  academic  focus ? Well , academics  would  call me a sociologist , but
my study  is long  term  social  change . I've looked  at revolutions  and  social  protests  and  changes  of
regime  and  government  from  about  1500  to the present . And  this  gives  you an expertise  that  seems 
excruciatingly  relevant  at the current  moment  in American  life. Really  globally , it seems  relevant .
[00:03:26.630]
But I think  I want  to focus  on on our own  country  here  where  we can  go wherever , wherever  in the
world  we like.
[00:03:33.170]
I'm happy  to travel .
[00:03:34.590]
Yeah . Yes . I've noticed  that  in your  work . Maybe  we should  start  at least  acknowledging  the global 
nature  of the phenomenon  we're  going  to talk  about . And  then  then  we can  talk  about  the American 
scene  specifically . But we've  seen  that  there's  been  a rise  of populism  and  anti  globalism  nativism ,
that there  are many  nouns  that  intersect . There's  a loss  of trust  in institutions . What  do we know 
about  the sources  of this  kind  of political  instability  and  loss  of social  cohesion  generally ?
[00:04:13.610]
What  are the kinds  of variables  you think  about  when  you try to understand  these  trends ? Sure , well ,
let me give  you a general  and  then  circle  around  to what's  happening  in the globe  today  in general ,
across  the centuries , there's  a pretty  persistent  pattern  and  it goes  back  to some  of the wisdom  that 
Roman  leaders  shared  among  themselves .[00:04:34.970]
And that  is when  you work  for honor  and  the richest  and  most  powerful  members  of society  try to
enrich  and  make  their  society  as a whole  stronger , the society  flourishes .
[00:04:48.920]
On the other  hand , when  the rich  and  powerful  simply  try to protect  and  extend  their  own  wealth  at the
expense  of others , the society  sooner  or later  collapses . So that's  the general  picture . And  you might 
say, well , elites  know  that . Why  would  they  do that ? The  answer  is when  a country  gets  rich  and  elites 
are in competition  with  each  other , they  often  fall back  on just  kind  of keeping  score  with  how  they  do
compared  to their  peers .
[00:05:16.550]
And they  think , well , the rest  of society  will just  go on.
[00:05:19.520]
It's not my problem , not my issue . And  so then  you get people  trying  to accumulate  more  and  more 
wealth  to protect  it from  taxation  and  to prevent  public  services  from  being  fully  funded .
[00:05:32.780]
And all of that  leads  to the rest  of society  growing  more  and  more  angry  because  they  have  a sense 
that they're  falling  behind , they're  being  left out.
[00:05:41.840]
The government  no longer  is watching  out for them . And  so they  turn  against  it. They  turn  against  the
government , they  turn  against  the elites . They  get angry  and  they  look  for ways  to let that  anger  out,
usually  joining  some  radical  or extremist  movements .
[00:05:55.760]
So that  was  a wonderful  summary  of of a very  depressing  landscape  to bring  it to the U.S.  context 
here . How  much  do you view  Trump  and  the four  years  we've  just  experienced  as a a mere  symptom 
of these  underlying  problems  and  the problems  themselves  were  evident  in 2015  and  before ? And 
how  much  do you view  him  as a an exacerbated  or cause  of these  problems ? Well , he certainly  and 
exacerbate  her. He's  not the underlying  cause  and  in fact  the underlying  cause , and  this  is why  it's a
global  phenomenon , has  more  to do with  the changes  in technology  and  society  that  we've  seen  in
the last  30 years .
[00:06:43.140]
We've  had  two  things  happen . One  is that  the big post-World  War  two  generations , what  we call the
baby  boom  in this  country , post-war  post-war  surges  elsewhere .
[00:06:54.810]
They  came  of age  in a time  when  manual  labor  was  the key to the economy . People  made  things , they
provided  services . They  got wealthy  or at least  made  stable  good  incomes  doing  that . And  there  was 
respect  for people  who  made  things  and  built  things , did things  with  their  hands .
[00:07:14.430]
But as the baby  boom  got older , they  found  the rug pulled  out from  under  them .
[00:07:20.220]
The economy  started  to shift  in the direction  of finance , high  finance  loans , credit  management  of
securities  grew  bigger  and  bigger  from  like five percent  of the economy  to 15 percent  of the
economy .
[00:07:35.280]
And the other  thing  that  grew , of course , is the digital  economy , which  we're  all familiar  with , in which 
we all enjoy . But the digital  economy  doesn't  employ  that  many  people , and  it certainly  doesn't  give  itsrewards  and  respect  to people  doing  manual  labor .
[00:07:50.640]
And so for the baby  boomers , the life that  they  expected , the respect , the dignity  that  they  had  and 
work  they  find  is disappearing . Their  communities  are hurt  by it.
[00:08:01.590]
The prospects  for their  children , if they  can't  get into  university , which  is increasingly  expensive  and 
difficult , have  diminished .
[00:08:08.850]
So we've  seen  a slowdown  in social  mobility  the same  time  we've  seen  a reduction  in the life quality 
and life prospects  for those , especially  in kind  of the smaller  towns , rural  areas  that  were  the farming 
manufacturing  heartland .
[00:08:25.290]
Now  the big metro  areas  have  continued  to thrive , but the big metro  areas  have  their  own  issues .
[00:08:31.920]
They  tend  to be very  diverse . They  have  to deal  with  the issues  of racial  justice , discrimination ,
managing  diversity . And  that's  that's  another  source  of anger  for those  who  feel  that  as immigrants ,
perhaps , or as people  of color , society  doesn't  grant  them  dignity  and  respect  either .
[00:08:50.820]
And so you have  both  on the left and  the right , these  kind  of widespread  feelings  that , wait  a minute ,
all the rewards  of society  seem  to be going  to a very  small  group . And  they  also  seem  to be taking 
over  all the institutions  and  they  seem  to be rigging  everything  in their  favor .
[00:09:07.860]
And what's  going  to become  of us? We need  someone  to fight  back  against  everything  being  rigged .
And that  leads  to the attraction  of kind  of the populist  strongman  who  says  I alone  can  fix it, I can  be
your  champion  and  produces  really  an almost  quasi  religious  devotion  to someone  who  presents 
themselves  as a savior , as a national  symbol  of regeneration .
[00:09:31.440]
Now , Donald  Trump  came  along  and  with  all the skills  of a pro wrestling  television  celebrity , donned 
the mantle  of hero  and  was  very  successful  in that .
[00:09:43.380]
But of course , he had  counterparts  in other  countries  bolster  Naro  in Brazil , Duterte  in the Philippines ,
Erdogan  in Turkey , Boris  Johnson  and  the Brexit  movement  in the United  Kingdom . You  know , the
details  vary , but in each  case , it's not been  the leading  edge  economically  of the society  that's  been 
driving  change .
[00:10:07.110]
It's been  those  who  feel  frustrated  that  they  are not benefiting  as much  as those  leading  edge  elites 
that they  see.
[00:10:14.370]
Hmm . I think  you wrote  in a piece  that  you published  with  Peter  Turchin  that  and  I'm quoting  you,
inequality  and  polarization  have  not been  this  high  since  the 19th  century . I think  we're  going  to want 
to focus  on wealth  inequality , but what  are the important  measures  of inequality ? Can  you put some 
numbers  to this  in the U.S.  and  is there  anything  other  than  wealth  inequality  that  is a a major  driver  of
of this  problem ? Well , there  certainly  are many  inequalities  besides  just  inequality  of wealth  and 
inequality  of wealth  is probably  not the most  troubling .
[00:10:52.970]Oh, interesting . That's  great , because  that's  my assumption  coming  into  this  conversation  is that 
wealth  inequality  is really  the the elephant  in every  room  now . And  so, yeah , please  fill in the gaps  in
my knowledge .
[00:11:05.880]
OK, look , we've  been  through  this  before . We had  the railroad  robber  barons . We had  the Rockefeller 
and the Carnegie  build  up huge  amounts  of wealth . But when  they  did so, other  parts  of society  were 
benefiting  as well .
[00:11:19.850]
That  is, the railroads  and  the oil industries  employed  lots  of money , lots  of workers  and  gave  them 
opportunities .
[00:11:27.080]
What  we've  had  in the last  30 years  with  the rise  of finance  and  digital  fortunes , is the rich  getting 
richer  while  everyone  else  stagnates  or grows  very  slowly  indeed .
[00:11:42.080]
And it's more  the differences  in opportunity  and  social  mobility  in access  to what  I would  call middle 
class  amenities , a safe  neighborhood , good  schools  for your  children , medical  care , the ability  to have
a varied  diet .
[00:12:01.550]
Those  things  have .
[00:12:02.780]
Even  though  the price  of a color  TV has  gone  way  down , the price  of a new  automobile  has  gone  way 
down . The  things  that  are essential  to quality  of family  life remain  competitive  and  therefore 
expensive  and  in many  settings  increasingly  beyond  the reach .
[00:12:19.580]
Both  the young  people  and  people  who  don't  have  a college  degree , professional  positions  and  wealth
inequality  harms  society . If those  who  are wealthy  use that  to get control  of government  policy  and 
steer  that  wealth  in ways  that  benefits  themselves  if they  are generous  with  the wealth  and  use it to
endow  museums , universities  to invest  in new  businesses  to rehabilitate  districts , then  that's  fine .
[00:12:48.920]
That's  good  for society .
[00:12:50.510]
So a lot of it has  to do with  how  wealth  is deployed  and  how  income  and  opportunities  are distributed .
And it's the fact  that  the the use of private  wealth  and  the distribution  of opportunities  really  seems  to
have  diminished  for large  portions  of the population , maybe  30 to 50 percent  in many  of the advanced
Western  countries .
[00:13:12.860]
And so you have  a lot of that  anger . You  know , the yellow  vests  in France , people  in Chile  who  rioted 
against  their  government , people  in Brazil  who  rioted  at the cost  of bus  fare  going  up. These  are
people  who  feel  like they're  just  getting  by and  every  imposition  upon  them  is increasingly  pushing 
them  over  the edge .
[00:13:32.870]
So fundamental  psychological  fact  here , which  is certainly  an unhappy  one , is that  people's  personal 
judgments  of well-being  are generally  comparative , so that  even  if by any absolute  measure , everyone 
was getting  better  off, if the difference  between  the the most  fortunate  and  the less  fortunate  is
continuing  to widen , then  that  is seen  as a source  of real  grievance  and  frustration . Even  if everyone 
you know  or virtually  everyone  has  a smartphone  in their  pocket  that  not even  the president  of theUnited  States  could  have  managed  to get 30 years  ago .
[00:14:15.740]
On some  level , we seem  to be doomed  to dissatisfaction , no matter  how  good  things  get for everyone ,
if things  are getting  better  and  better  and  better , faster  for a subset  of the population . I mean , at least 
that seems  like something  like that  structure  is part  of our legacy  code .
[00:14:37.730]
That's  a pessimistic  way  of looking  at it. Yes , there's  always  envy . People  always  feel  down  and  out if
they  see others  doing  better  than  themselves .
[00:14:45.800]
But people  compare  themselves  mainly  to other  people  they  encounter  in their  own  life.
[00:14:52.220]
So if you're  living  in a subdivision  or an urban  neighborhood , you don't  really  care  whether  the guy
living  on the 17th  floor  of the penthouse  has  a gold  bathtub  or a porcelain  bathtub . You  don't  care 
whether  he's  keeping  an 80 foot  yacht  in the harbor  or a 50 foot  yacht .
[00:15:12.320]
Those  things  aren't  relevant  to you.
[00:15:14.120]
What  you care  about  is whether  you're  going  to be able  to move  into  a better  house  when  you get
married  with  room  for your  kids , whether  the people  down  the block  or on just  the other  side  of town 
who  you see are somehow  able  to afford  things  that  you can't  afford  any that  you thought  you or your 
parents  could  afford . So you're  right .
[00:15:35.390]
There's  always  a degree  of comparing  ourselves  to others , but it doesn't  have  to be the kind  of well ,
there'll  always  be people  richer  than  me, so I'm always  going  to be unhappy .
[00:15:45.260]
That's  not how  people  are. As long  as people  feel  that  they're  getting  better , that  they're  getting  ahead 
in their  own  lives , and  that  the progress  that  they're  making  is reasonable  compared  to most  of the
people  they  see immediately  around  them , they're  usually  quite  pleased .
[00:16:00.080]
Most  people  are not quite  as prone  to torment  themselves  with  the envy  of the rich  as you might 
think . Otherwise , there  wouldn't  be as much  of a happy  market  for watching  all those  tales  of the rich 
and famous . Those  are like fairy  tales  that  people  hope  will come  true , but they  don't  actually  hurt 
people's  feelings . What  hurts  is if in their  day to day lives  they  feel  stuck . If they  feel  that  they  can't 
live the way  that  their  parents  did or that  they  expect  it to do 10, 20 years  ago .
[00:16:28.670]
And they've  been  working  hard  to get ahead  and  it just  hasn't  happened .
[00:16:33.590]
So the circle  of comparison  is tighter  than  I suggested  there , but it seems  like the structure  travels 
with  us at every  level  of success  in society . So you have  billionaires  who  currently  feel  like they  they 
haven't  made  it financially  because  they  can  compare  themselves  to Jeff  Bezos  and  Elon  Musk . And 
you have  people  who  have , you know , tens  of millions  of dollars  who  feel  poor  by reference  to
billionaires . And  there's  something  insidious  about  this , because , I mean , as you say, if they  were 
deploying  their  wealth  in extremely  prosocial  and  generous  ways , it wouldn't  represent  a kind  of toxic 
capture  of resources .
[00:17:21.230]But I think  if people  feel  they  haven't  made  it, even  when  they  have  a billion  dollars  on some  level  and 
they're  keeping  score  with  reference  to the people  who  have  10 or a hundred  fold  more  resources 
than  they  do, it either , you know , erodes  good  norms . We used  to have  and  you can  educate  me on
this point . I'm not sure  how  much  we used  to have  them , or at least  it prevents  the formation  of norms
that we should  have , which  is people  should  see that  that  one  of the main  reasons  to be wealthy  is to
be able  to help  other  people  and  produce  the kind  of society  that  we all want  to live in.
[00:18:02.480]
Right . And  not to allow  that  kind  of abundance  to become  just , you know , a magnifying  glass  for the
the light  of self  concern  to be even  more  concentrated  at some  point .
[00:18:16.010]
And if you know  you've  got it, I think , you know , if we think  about  the elites  having  become  more 
cosmopolitan  and . Traveling  to the same  conferences  and  the same  ritzy  resorts  and  really  being  cut
off in some  ways  from  their  society  in which  they  grew  up, that's  a very  unfortunate  thing . Not  that 
long  ago , the rich  might  have  lived  in the fanciest  part  of town , but they  attended  public  festivals  and 
they  attended  church  in the same  town  and  in some  of the same  buildings  and  institutions  as the
other  people  who  lived  in that  community .
[00:18:53.920]
And the way  the rich  wanted  to be remembered  was  as benefactors , as generous , whatever  they  were 
in their  private  lives , in their  public  lives .
[00:19:03.040]
They  wanted  to be seen  as people  who  were  pillars  of the community .
[00:19:08.050]
And that  phrase , you know , the pillar  of the community  seems  to have  gone  out of fashion .
[00:19:13.240]
We used  to talk  about  it being , you know , harder  for a rich  man  to enter  heaven .
[00:19:17.890]
Right . Than  to go with  than  for a camel  to go through  the eye of a needle .
[00:19:20.950]
The religious  idea  was  virtue  and  honor  were  to be found  in helping  your  fellow  men . And  today , I
think  Joe  Biden  actually  believes  in the ideal  of public  service .
[00:19:32.200]
He is more  interested  in making  350  million  Americans  better  off than  making  himself  better  off. That
has diminishing  returns  for him . But he will go to his grave  delightfully  happy  if he has  made  all
Americans  better  off. Now , that's  an old school  ideal . I'm glad  it's back  in the presidency  in the United 
States  and  I hope  it can  spread .
[00:19:55.600]
But that's  what  successful  societies , frankly , rely on. If the richest  and  most  powerful  turn  their  backs 
on public  welfare , then  democracy  doesn't  make  sense  for people  anymore .
[00:20:07.540]
Because  why  should  they  vote  for a government  that  ignores  them  and  that  concentrates  its benefits 
on the rich ? So if we want  to restore  and  rejuvenate  democracy , we need  governments  that  function 
to provide  broad , general  benefits .
[00:20:21.190]
Again , not that  simply  exist  to help  those  who  have  the best  positions  or the most  capital  get even 
further  ahead .[00:20:30.040]
Well , it's interesting  that  it seems  that  there's  a tension  here  because  so in my lexicon , personally ,
cosmopolitanism  is not a pejorative  term  to think  of oneself  more  and  more  as a citizen  of the world ,
you know , who's  just  open  to the best  ideas , you know , whatever  their  provenance  and  whose  circle  of
moral  concern  has  extended  beyond  the borders  of one's  country  to encompass  all of civilization .
Right . And  to feel  that  we should  be prioritizing  certainly  some  of our generosity , much  of our
generosity  along  the lines  of greatest  need .
[00:21:09.160]
Right . So to care  about  what's  happening , you know , in some  beleaguered  place  in sub-Saharan  Africa
is not a a misappropriation  of one's  compassion . It's in fact , it's just  a recognition  of, you know , one 
should  be more  moved  than  one  tends  to be by the greatest  need . And  any kind  of accidents  of
geographic  distance  are just  that . They  don't  actually  have  ethical  import , even  though  they  they  feel 
they  do. And , you know , if you tell me my my neighbor's  daughter  fell down  a well , well , then  it's going 
to occupy  all of my attention .
[00:21:44.020]
And you tell me that  there's  a genocide  raging  in Sudan  or some  other  place  and  hundreds  of
thousands  of children , just  like my neighbor's  daughter , have  been  killed . You  know , I'm going  to find 
that so boring  that  I'm going  to switch  the channel  when  it appears  on the evening  news . Right . So
that seems  like a bug  in our code  rather  than  a feature . So it just  it seems  like much  of what  you seem
to have  just  derided  or at least  flagged  as a source  of political  liability , as cosmopolitanism  is just  a
an acknowledgement  that  so many  of our problems  are global  now  and  then .
[00:22:20.510]
No, no. One  nation  and  so many  of our opportunities  are global . Right . It's just  that , you know , we are
we're  struggling  to build  a global  civilization  that  actually  works . And  so our thinking  on many  points 
should  be global . And  it's actually  all to the good  that  we wind  up going  to conferences  where  people 
from  all over  the world  bring  their  best  ideas  and  and  network . And  yet one  externality  of that  trend , it
sounds  like, is the complete  erosion  or near  complete  erosion  of the very  principles  that  would  make 
a single  country  like our own  work  as a democracy .
[00:23:02.000]
Well , I clearly  hit a nerve  here , let me try and  talk  about  cosmopolitanism  in a way  that  avoids , I hope ,
some  of these  concerns  about  where  do you do the most  good  if you have  a family  and  you're  living  in
a house  and  as you say, your  neighbor's  daughter  fell down  a well .
[00:23:20.480]
Well , of course , you're  going  to go help  your  neighbor  and  rescue  the daughter . That's  an imperative  to
do. On the other  hand , let's  say you hear  that  someone  all across  town , their  daughter , fell in a well .
And you certainly  would  like to help  if you didn't  have  any other  priorities  at home . But if your  own 
daughter  is upstairs  sick  with  a fever  and  needs  to be cared  for, maybe  she's  just  gotten  out of
surgery  or she has  a very  high  fever .
[00:23:50.330]
You're  not going  to leave  your  own  daughter  who  is sick  to go help  someone  else , even  if they  need 
help  until  your  own  house  is in order . And  when  you asked  me about  different  types  of inequality , I
said  I wasn't  focused  on wealth . Let me talk  about  one  that's  really  down  to earth , and  that  is life
expectancy . How  long  people  live in America , along  with  the United  Kingdom , was  one  of the only  rich 
countries  in the world  where  life expectancy  started  going  down  between  2015  and  2018 .
[00:24:25.310]
We've  never  had  that  in our history . It indicates  that  our society  was  suffering  from  illness . It was  an
illness  of opioid  addiction  and  other  deaths  of despair , alcoholism , suicide . Now , I do think  it's
important .[00:24:41.780]
We have  one  planet , we have  one  climate . We all have  to pitch  in.
[00:24:45.740]
I contribute  money  to medical  charities  overseas  as well  as to hospitals  here  at home , because  you're 
right , it is important  to recognize  we're  all part  of a global  community , but we cannot  neglect  people 
who  are really  suffering , who  are losing  years  of life here  that  they  shouldn't  be losing .
[00:25:05.900]
And as I say, that  was  going  on even  before  Trump  was  elected  as part  of the reason  I think  he was 
elected . You  can  look  at the vote  for Trump  against  counties  that  had  declines  in life expectancy  in
the prior  few  years .
[00:25:20.390]
And it's a very  close  match .
[00:25:21.830]
It's one  of the best  predictors  of Trump  kind  of voting  as a protest  because  you're  unhappy  with 
conditions  in your  community , in your  life. So when  I say cosmopolitanism  is a problem . It's only  if
people  say.
[00:25:37.930]
That  they  think  their  country , the United  States , is fine  and  we can , you know , look  beyond  that , you
can look  beyond  your  own  country , but not if it blinds  you to what's  going  on right  in your  own  home .
[00:25:52.090]
And I think  this  is something  we missed . It really  wasn't  until .
[00:25:55.720]
And Case  in Angus  Deaton  published  their  research  calling  attention  to the fact  that  life expectancy 
had started  to go down , that  it became  an issue  for policymakers  and  for the media . It went  on for
years  quietly  in communities  across  America  without  being  appreciated .
[00:26:12.760]
But we could  have  seen  the precursors  of it, I believe , by looking  at changes  in the distribution  of
income , in the distribution  of opportunity  and  mobility  in what  was  happening  to the economic  base 
of many  rural  and  small  town  communities .
[00:26:27.100]
So by all means , be a cosmopolitan , but that  also  means  get to know  parts  of your  own  country  that 
you might  not know  as well . We talk  about  flyover  and  coastal  elites . I find  that  kind  of demeaning . I
spend  a lot of time  when  I was  a kid taking  buses  across  the country  listening  to country  Western 
music .
[00:26:46.030]
I still like to drive  when  I can  from  the East  Coast  to the west  and  see this  big, beautiful  country  in
between  and  get to know  the people  there , because  those  are the people  at the end  of the day whose 
choices , as long  as we live in a democracy , those  are the peoples  whose  voices  and  whose  choices 
will make  a difference  just  as much  as mine .
[00:27:04.930]
And we have  to come  together  and  find  things  that  will make  everyone  better  off if we're  going  to
keep  democracy  going . Otherwise , we get into  these  historical  cycles  of selfish  elites , angry  popular 
groups  and  the rise  of populist  leaders , demagogues  and  mass  protest . And  it gets  violent , it gets 
ugly. And  we've  seen  that  we need  to change  direction . So I guess  where  I want  to land  here  in this 
conversation  is with  some  sense  of what  we think  we should  do going  forward .[00:27:36.990]
I mean , it seems  like we have , you know , massive  problems  to solve , many  of which  are only 
exacerbating  the problem  we're  talking  about . I mean , you know , we have  to deal  with  the covid 
pandemic , obviously , but the covid  pandemic  has . Has  ramified  and  worsened  various  forms  of
inequality  in our society . Certainly  wealth  is one , and  I guess  and  we've  we've  begun  this  conversation 
framing  it in terms  of of what  the most  fortunate  people  decide  to do.
[00:28:08.920]
Essentially , you know  what  we've  put it in terms  of philanthropy  and  charity . But really , the other  piece 
here  is, is our tax code  and  the willingness  or disinclination  of rich  people  to pay what  we might  think 
of as their  fair share  or or more  in taxes  and  the degree  to which  they're  going  to fight  any attempt  to
raise  taxes . How  do you view  taxation  here  and  any specific  strategies  we might  use to redistribute 
wealth ? Here's  what  I think  the psychological  status  quo  is here .
[00:28:47.550]
Among  among  fortunate  wealthy  people  at every  level , there's  a sense  that . You  know , rather  often  the
government  is terrible  at what  it attempts  to do, right , there's  a basic  cynicism  that  the government 
can ever  do anything  especially  well , and  therefore , you tend  to encounter  rich  people  who  think  that 
there's  some  that  this  offers  some  argument  for not paying  more  in taxes  because  the money  will be
wasted  or spent  on some  boondoggle . Whereas  in my view , that  it's really  just  that's  an argument  for
better  governance , by all means .
[00:29:24.460]
Point  out all the ways  in which  government  fails  and  is wasteful . But that's  not an argument  about 
where  you want  to set the tax code . It's an argument  for better  government . But there  is a there's  a
sense  that , you know , taxes  are already  too high . You  run into  this  with  disconcerting  frequency 
among  rich  people . And  therefore , it's only  rational  to want  to decide  to give  the money  to the most 
effective  causes  oneself  rather  than  have  the government  waste  it.
[00:29:51.820]
So this  is this  explains  a bias  for philanthropy  over  taxation . But as we know , people  aren't , you know ,
all that  generous  when  they  don't  have  to be, or at least  most  of them  are not. And  so the amount  that
people  actually  give  away , even  when  it's well  publicized , is a, you know , a rounding  error  on a
rounding  error  of their  wealth  rather  often . And  it's certainly  not what  they  would  be obliged  to give 
away  if we raised  taxes  on them .
[00:30:19.900]
So how  do you view  taxation  here  and  and , you know , feel  free  to get into  any specific  ideas  about 
how  to change  our tax code ? Thank  you for that  invitation . Most  people  would  like to tear  up the
existing  tax code  and  start  over , but let me say from  the point  of view  of my model , there  actually 
three  things  that  need  to be kept  in mind  as we try and  pull our society  back  from  the edge  of extreme
conflict  and  decay .
[00:30:49.030]
One is restoring  people's  trust  that  government  can  function  and  can  solve  problems .
[00:30:55.420]
The days  when  we looked  to government  to provide  the interstate  highway  system , to build  beautiful 
airports , to build  subways , to take  us to work , to provide  law and  order , to provide  for the national 
defense , to send  rockets  to the moon  to develop  new  cures  for disease . All of these  things  we trusted 
government  to do reasonably  well , and  we thought  they  were  prudent  investments  for the future .
[00:31:18.850]
But as you say, too many  people  now  think  that  any dollar  spent  by government  is wasted  and 
therefore  even  a dollar  spent  on an ultra  premium  whiskey  for one  person's  consumption  is still better
than  letting  that  money  be wasted  by the government .[00:31:35.650]
So that  philosophy  has  to change .
[00:31:38.110]
We have  to say, look , there  are legitimate  things  that  government  can  do. And  you know  what ? When 
there's  a disaster , when  even  a rich  person's  land  gets  flooded  or a tornado  comes , they  come  to the
government  and  say, what  about  restoring  my property ? What  about  fixing  this ?
[00:31:56.530]
And so on.
[00:31:57.400]
So government  has  to be seen  as having  a valid  role  in a complex , wealthy  society . There  are big
problems  covid-19  obviously  a huge  one  that's  hitting  us in the face .
[00:32:07.870]
But so too is climate  change  as the Midwest  is flooding  and  the California  is burning  and  the Gulf 
Coast  is being  battered  by repeated , powerful  hurricanes . We can't  allow  those  things  to double  or
triple  and  expect  that  quality  of life will go on. So you're  right , people  have  to recover  a trust  that 
government  is worth  funding . Otherwise , everyone  fights  taxation .
[00:32:31.210]
The second  thing  is that  elites  have  to work  together  to find  some  common  ground  in what  needs  to
be done  to strengthen  and  improve  society , as opposed  to just  being  in competing  camps  saying  this 
is what  our group  needs  to do and  we don't  want  you to be involved  and  vice  versa .
[00:32:50.050]
If you have  Republicans  and  Democrats  or Tories  and  Socialists , whatever  your  divisions  are, if
instead  of saying , yes, of course  we have  differences , we're  human  beings , but because  we're  human ,
we have  some  common  needs  and  interests  and  we have  to work  hard  to find  them . If you put that 
task  aside  and  just  say, I want  my group  to win, we go back  on the path  toward  I'm not going  to raise 
anyone's  taxes  because  you might  spend  them  on things  that  you want .
[00:33:18.400]
And I think  that's  awful .
[00:33:20.080]
And the other  group  will say, well , we're  not going  to raise  taxes  because  you might  spend  it on things 
that you want . And  instead  of saying , let's  have  an agenda  for things  that  we agree  we need  and  then 
find a level  of taxation  that  allows  us to accomplish  what  is necessary . So you need  to have 
government  that  trusted . You  need  to have  elites  that  work  together . And  then  the third  thing  is you
need  people  to feel  the system  is fair, that  the taxes  that  they  pay are not unfair  compared  to the
taxes  that  others , especially  the rich , pay.
[00:33:49.720]
I mean , one  of the big problems  we have  with  the tax system  now  is not the rate  of taxation , but the
fact that  so many  assets  and  so much  income  escapes  taxation  altogether .
[00:34:01.570]
It's an offshore  LLC . It's in real  estate  trusts . It's an exempt  inheritance , trusts  all of these  things ,
make  the system  unfair  and  give  people  a general  hatred  of taxation  as just  something  else  that's 
rigged . So we need  to go back  to fair enforcement , clear  and  understandable  laws  and  a system  that 
people  believe  in. Well , let's  take  the first  piece , what  do you think  we can  do, because  there's  a kind  of
perverse  self-fulfilling  aspect  to this . What  can  we do to increase  trust  in government ?
[00:34:40.890]
You know , there  really  is a pervasive  sense  that  virtually  anything  that  can  be handled  by the private sector  is better  accomplished  in the private  sector . There  are endless  numbers  of invidious 
comparisons  between  private  businesses  that  have  to function  by the constraints  of a market . And 
the government  is simulacrum  of those  businesses . So you compare  FedEx  to the post  office , say, or,
you know , any any business  you've  ever  had  to deal  with  to the DMV . Right . So it's just  there's  a sense 
that throwing  more  money  at it from  the government  side  just  gets  you a business  that , you know , no
one would  ever  direct  their  money  at if they  had  a choice .
[00:35:21.720]
And so there's  that  kind  of cynicism . How  do you see us rebooting  from  where  we currently  are to a
time  where  it would  just  be expected  that  if the government  sets  itself  to a specific  task , whether  it's a
space  program  or a public  health  emergency , it's going  to do a wonderful  job at that  task  because 
many  of the best  people  are involved  and  it's all well  funded  and  it's got its priorities  straight . And  it's
not captured  by endless  layers  of bureaucrats  who  don't  understand  how  the world  works .
[00:35:55.040]
How  do we get to something  like daylight  here ? You  need  a few  big wins . I applaud  President  Joe 
Biden  for making  covid-19  treatment  and  mitigation  his first  priority . This  is clearly  a job that  private 
industry  can  develop  vaccines . They're  not going  to distribute  them .
[00:36:18.880]
So getting  vaccines  into  people's  arms , making  them  safe  is a perfect  example  of the type  of thing 
public  health  has  been  doing  under  government  since  the 19th  century .
[00:36:31.510]
And if we have  a big success , I think  it'll be applauded  and  will go a long  way  to making  people  say,
you know , I'm glad  the government  was  on the job.
[00:36:40.780]
Now , if the government , as under  Donald  Trump  says , well , you know , government  can't  do things , not
really  our responsibility , we'll  just  encourage  private  firms  to make  the vaccine  and  then  we'll  let
people  figure  out how  to get it. That's  a disaster . That's  what  we're  living  through  now . That's  why 
even  though  the vaccines  became  available  last  fall, fewer  than  five percent  of Americans  have 
benefited  from  them . So we need  government  programs  that  are visible  and  that  work .
[00:37:10.330]
And it's not as rare  as you think . People  love  Social  Security . They  fought  bitterly  against  efforts  to
privatize  it.
[00:37:17.830]
Sometimes  people  don't  realize  it's a government  program  that  the government , you know , keep  your 
hands  off my Social  Security .
[00:37:23.110]
It's mine , OK, but it came  to you and  still does  come  to you through  your  through  your  government .
Your  local  government  provides  police  protection , provides  fire protection . Your  local  government 
provides  public  schools . America  has  always  been  attached  to private  schools . I'm sorry , the public 
schools  and  the rich  who  feel , hey, you know , I can  send  my kids  to private  school , you know , there 
tends  to be a kind  of let them  eat cake  view .
[00:37:51.520]
That  is, if you're  wealthy  enough , you can  have  beautiful  private  property . You  don't  need  public  parks .
You can  afford  private  schools . You  don't  need  to pay for public  schools  for everybody  else .
[00:38:02.740]
You can  afford  private  concierge  medicine . You  don't  need  to worry  about  public  health .
[00:38:07.630]And that  kind  of let them  eat cake  goes  to what  happened  in Iran  in the 1970s  where  you had  such 
terrible  traffic  congestion  that  people  couldn't  get to work . And  instead  of building  more  roads , the
Shah's  son  was  quoted  as saying , look , if people  are unhappy  with  traffic  congestion , let them  make 
some  money  and  buy helicopters .
[00:38:28.390]
That's  the attitude  that  led to a revolution .
[00:38:30.440]
Now , we're  not as extreme  there , but that's  the end  point  of where  elite  selfishness  and  lack  of
understanding  and  empathy  leads .
[00:38:39.790]
If leaders  have  empathy  for people , if they  really  do work  to make  government  benefit , not just  this 
interest  group  or that  particular  minority , but really  help  all Americans  where  all Americans  need  it, like
with  public  health  care , like public  education , then  we get back  to people  seeing  government  as a
good  thing , an important  part  of society .
[00:39:02.740]
Yeah , I mean , this  is something  I'm I'm really  quite  worried  about  now , but I've been  worried  about  this 
general  topic , at least  since  2009 .
[00:39:11.680]
But, you know , that's  good  for you. But it should  be. But under  covid , it's just  I guess  the specific  case 
that I find  alarming  and  I'm not alone  here  is what  is what  we've  seen  in California  with  the the flight  of
many  people  in tech  to other  states  that  just  by coincidence  don't  have  income  tax. Right . So there's 
many  people  are going  to Texas  and  Florida . And  it's it's an unimpeachably  rational  decision . If your 
concern  is to make  an immediate  change  in one  in your  own  quality  of life and  to have  it have  it make 
sense  on paper .
[00:39:53.650]
Right . You  know , if you're  going  to be essentially  paid  millions  of dollars  a year  to live in another  city
that you like just  as well  as you liked  San  Francisco  before  it was  inundated  with  crime  and 
homelessness , well , then  why  not do that ? Why  not move  to Austin  or Miami ? It makes  sense  on every
level . And  yet it's part  of the very  trend  you sketched  out in the beginning  of this  conversation . I mean ,
it's a mini  version  of cosmopolitanism .
[00:40:21.280]
The fact  that  you were  also  deracinated , that , you know , any nice  city will do where  knowledge 
workers , we can  work  from  anywhere . And  covid  has  really  delivered  that  lesson  to everyone  who  is
available  to it. So that  what  we're  what  we're  witnessing  is just  a flight  of some  of the most  productive
people  in our society  and  the corresponding  tax base  to other  states  that  have  a different  tax code .
Not to get bogged  down  on this  specific  case . But I'm wondering  what  you think  California  should  do
in this  case , because  what  we're  what  we're  suffering  from .
[00:40:58.680]
Here  is just  the fact  that  we have  a tax system  that  can  be gamed  simply  by crossing  a border  and  the
barrier  to doing  that  is is quite  a bit lower  than  believing  the United  States  would  be. And  therefore ,
many , many  people  are doing  it. Do you have  any ideas  or what  California  you do in light  of. If you'd 
like to continue  listening  to this  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris . Doug , you'll  get
access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  to other  subscriber  only  content ,
including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's  and  the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app .
[00:41:41.230]
The Making  Sense  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe 
now  that  Sam  Harris  Doug .[00:00:06.810]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this  conversation 
in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris 
dog. There  you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along  with  other 
subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible  entirely 
through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.940]
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  that  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . OK, today  I'm speaking  with  Zeynep  Tufekci , Zaineb  is an associate 
professor  at the University  of North  Carolina  and  an opinion  writer  for The  New  York  Times  and  a
contributing  writer  for The  Atlantic .
[00:01:14.090]
She has  a background  in computer  science , but she's  since  become  a sociologist  and  has  focused  on
the interaction  between  digital  technology , artificial  intelligence  and  changes  in society . And  she was 
one of the earliest  people  to sound  the alarm  about  the covid  pandemic  and  as a nonmedical 
professional , was  one  of the first  people  to point  out that  the CDC  and  the WHL  were  making  obvious 
errors  in their  messaging  around  wearing  masks  in particular . But she's  published  a lot during  the
pandemic  and  has  also  been  very  incisive  about  political  polarization  and  the machinations  of Trump .
[00:01:56.230]
She has  an intellectual  toolkit  that  seems  really  perfectly  designed  for the moment  we're  living  in. And
in this  episode , we cover  many  intersecting  issues  here  related  to the problems  of misinformation  and
groupthink , we discussed  the covid-19  pandemic , the early  failures  of journalists  and  public  health 
professionals  to make  sense  of it, the sociology  of mask  wearing  the problem  of correcting 
institutional  errors . covid  is a dress  rehearsal  for something  far worse  asymmetric  information 
warfare , the failures  of messaging  around  vaccines , the paradox  of scientific  authority , the power  of
incentives , the prospects  of reforming  social  media  and  other  topics .
[00:02:41.570]
And now , without  further  delay , I bring  you Zainab  Tufekci . I am here  with  Zeynep  Tufekci  Zaynab ,
thanks  for joining  me again . Thank  you for inviting  me.
[00:02:58.310]
So, Zainab , when  I think  of people  who  have  really  hit their  stride  during  the the last  year  of global 
derangement , you are if not at the top of the list. I mean , I can't  think  of anyone  who  is higher  on the
list than  you are. I mean , you're  somebody  who  has  an amazingly  relevant  collection  of talents  and 
interests . You've  just  been  incredibly  prescient  student  of all of these  trends  that  are now  intersecting .
I mean , we have  all of these  trends  of conspiracy , thinking  and  social  contagion  and  misinformation 
and all of it being  brought  to scale  by social  media .
[00:03:41.450]
And then  this  has  now  coincided  with  a global  health  crisis  wherein  you have  become  essentially  a an
amateur  epidemiologist  among  many . But you distinguish  yourself  as someone  who  it really  has 
produced  good  information  and  where  you've  been  contrarian , it's been  extraordinarily  useful . It's
really  great  to see. I mean , you and  I had  a great  conversation  last  time . But, you know , while  all of the
all of these  problems  were  humming  along , you know , the last  12 months  has  really  been  the
apotheosis  of everything  you've  been  worrying  about .
[00:04:18.000]
So congratulations  on being  a woman  who's  who's  met  the moment . I am not sure .
[00:04:23.570]Thank  you so much . But I'm not sure  it's congratulations  as much  as oh, you know , this  is not a great 
moment , but yeah , it's kind  of like. Pretty  much  everything  I've ever  been  interested  in has  kind  of
merged  into  a pandemic  year , so here  we are.
[00:04:44.370]
So how  would  you how  you describe  your  career  or your  intellectual  academic  perch  in general  now ?
[00:04:53.430]
So that's  I mean , obviously , as we've  discussed  before , the thing  I study  professionally  as an
academic  is the public  sphere , misinformation , digital  technologies , how  they  all interact .
[00:05:06.050]
In fact . Just  a couple  days  ago  was  the first  year  anniversary  of a tweet  I had  sent  in January , I think 
twenty  six or twenty  seven  months  where  I said , oh, you know , I essentially  was  realizing  a pandemic 
was coming . And  I said , this  is going  to take  place  under  conditions  of, you know , well  oiled  machines ,
of misinformation . What  a challenge . And  I was  just  sort  of looking  at and  thinking , yep, that's  what 
happened .
[00:05:32.480]
It's been  a year  like that . So that's  what  I professionally  study  and  what  I have  written  on. So the
pandemic  side  is that  I teach  I used  to teach  more  introduction  to sociology  and  that  kind  of classes .
And one  of the things  I try to do a lot with  both  my students  and  my own  writing  I've written  about  this 
before  is to try to talk  about  interdependent  systems , complex  systems , risk and  sort  of.
[00:06:01.290]
Places  where  things  are kind  of interacting  with  another  duck , there's  a technical  component , there's  a
network  component , there's  a sociological  component , and  one  of the best  examples  I had  found  to
try to teach  this  stuff  and  to write  about  and  to read  about  had  been  pandemics .
[00:06:19.050]
So I had  I mean , because  they're  a perfect  example  of so many  things . Right . If you want  to explain 
globalization , interconnectedness  of the planet , if you want  to explain  how  things  like justice  and .
Logistics  and  sort  of the technical  scientific  side , you know , what  kind  of a pathogen  did you get
matter  and  how  exponential  growth  occurs  and  all those  things  I would  teach  about  SARS , I would 
expect  SARS . I would  explain  the virus . I would  explain  how  we almost  had  a pandemic .
[00:06:55.010]
I would  explain  how  we got away  from  having  it, because  the infectious  period  coincided  with . Having 
a fever  so we could  put a femur  gun  to people's  heads  and  say, OK, now  you're  infectious  and  trying  to
find a way  to isolate  them .
[00:07:11.590]
So I wasn't , like, completely  new  to the topic . But as you point  out, of course , I'm not a virologist .
[00:07:17.380]
I'm not an epidemiologist , none  of those  things . But I had  a a lot of familiarity  because  I use these 
things  to teach  about  and  just  very  deep  personal  interest  because  they're  such  an interesting  regular 
human  phenomenon  and  they  kind  of have  every  layer  of complexity  you want . You  know , you have 
the science  and  the neurology , you have  the human  behavior . Plus  there's  a lot of things  that  are kind 
of misunderstood  in the fictional  versions  of it, like the movie  Contagion  or Outbreak , almost  like it
was a very  good  topic  for me for years .
[00:07:51.280]
So when  in January . Oh, there  was  there's  one  more  twist  I was  researching  in Hong  Kong  pretty 
much  all of 2019 . I was  going  back  and  forth . I was  studying  the social  movement  there  because , you
know , it's an interesting  sort  of question  to think  about . We have  our own  particular  digital  version 
here . China  has  its in Hong  Kong  was  an interface  and  there's  a social  movement . So when  thepandemic  hit, I was  closely  connected  to Hong  Kong .
[00:08:17.110]
And Hong  Kong , of course , had  been  through  SARS  and  had  lost  a lot of people . So they  were  on
guard  plus  there  close  to mainland  China . So they  kind  of were  very  quick  to interpret . The  news 
coming  out of China , like they  immediately  knew  what  was  up, like Taiwan , they  had  experience .
[00:08:38.250]
So I had  the sort  of early  window  into  it in January . And  since  I study  sort  of authoritarian 
governments  and  things  like that , too. So as soon  as like mid-January , end  of January , when  we
started  seeing  cases  outside  of China  that  had  not been  to the OHAN  seafood  market , there  was  a
lady in Thailand , I think  January  14th . She'd  never  been  to the open  market . And  you kind  of you know 
what ? This  is sustained  human  to human  transmission .
[00:09:07.470]
You kind  of we're  seeing  the Taiwan  and  Hong  Kong , they  the those  people  that  are close  to the
ground , they  were  masking  up and  getting  ready .
[00:09:17.250]
And then  on January  20th , when  China  shut  down  Wuhan  like authoritarians , you want  to sort  of look 
at what  they  do, not what  they  say. And  you're  like, this  is big. And  then  we started  seeing  the early 
news  that  this  was  spreading  before  people  were  symptomatic . And  I knew , like at the end  of January 
is completely  certain  we were  going  to get hit and  it was  going  to be some  sort  of pandemic . We
didn't  really  know  how  bad .
[00:09:42.480]
And I had  started , you know , changing  my own  schedule  and  travel . So that's  kind  of how  it started  for
me. And  in January , to be honest , my first  concern  was  I wanted  to go back  to Hong  Kong . So I
remember  like Jan , the first  week  of January , I started  buying  masks  because  I was  already  seeing 
like January  7th. I was  already  ordering  masks  because  I knew , like, we were  seeing  all the sick  viral 
pneumonia , unexplained  viral  lemonier  in China .
[00:10:12.810]
And you're  kind  of like, OK, what's  going  on? And  my first  concern  was  I wanted  to go back  and  do
more  research . And  I thought , you know  what ? I probably  won't  be able  to go back  because  Hong 
Kong  will be badly  hit because  they're  so close  to Wuhan  a year  later .
[00:10:27.000]
Little  did I know  they  would  not take  me back  because  I'm from  a country  that's  just  mismanaged  so
badly .
[00:10:35.020]
So you're  from  a banana  republic . So I can't  go back , not because  they're  badly  hit, but because  they're
doing  they're  doing  so much  better  than  us. So I still can't  go back . So that  was  kind  of how  January 
happened  for me. And  then  I spent  February  in this  out of body  experience . I like to call it when  I if you
knew  anything  about  infectious  diseases  or pandemics  and  if you're  following  the news , you knew  we
were  going  to get hit.
[00:11:07.290]
And also , like before  January  20th , China , the government  was  not telling  the truth , but after  that , they 
unmuzzled  their  scientists . And  there  was  this  outpouring  of information . And  I think  at that  point ,
partly  because  they  knew  like this  was  terrible . And  a pandemic  is bad  for them , too, because  it's their 
early  cover  up that  contributed  to this . And  so they  were  actually  giving  us a lot of information  so you
could  kind  of learn  about , you know , the pre symptomatic  transmission , all of those  things .
[00:11:36.330]
And plus , you know , the Chinese  scientists , they  could  start  communicating  and  they  were  likewarning  us. And  then  you were  seeing  all the papers . The  new  Taiwan  was  giving  us information . You 
know , you were  getting  information  from  Hong  Kong , other  places , HQ, the medical  school  there  is
excellent . So I, I was  sure  we were  going  to get hit. We were  seeing  Ohan  we started  seeing  what  was 
happening  in Italy .
[00:11:59.280]
And then  I would  look  at the news , I would  look  at newspapers  like and  I don't  mean  this 
administration  like the administration's  failings  are. So obvious  and  so in front  of everybody's  face 
that I think , like, almost  doesn't  bear  repeating , they  were  terrible . But also  in February  I was  reading 
like op heads  and  pieces  in outlets  like The  New  York  Times  and  The  Washington  Post  and  other 
places  that  had  titles  like Beware  of the Pandemic  Panic , kind  of implying  the panic  over  pandemic 
was the problem .
[00:12:35.990]
I read  an op ed or a piece  in The  Washington  Post  saying  the Asians  were  just  superstitious . That's 
why they  wore  masks . And  this  was  somebody  like an academic , wasn't  some  random  person . I read 
a Bloomberg  piece  saying  that  it was  our irrational  brain  that  was  making  us think  about  the
pandemic . And  I'm just  sort  of looking  and  thinking , you realize  we have  to do this  thing  called  flatten 
the curve . Our hospitals  are about  to get hit. And  you're  telling  us not to panic , that  masks  are
irrational  and  there's  nothing  to do.
[00:13:05.990]
And don't  fear  there  was  an op ed in The  New  York  Times  from  somebody  who's  like a travel  agent 
saying , don't  demonize  travel , it's OK to go to China .
[00:13:16.530]
I'm like, what  are these  people  just  sort  of like, what  planet  are these  people  on? We're  about  like, you
feel that  tsunami  coming  at you and  you're  like, we're  going  to get to high  ground  and  everybody's 
acting  like you're  crazy . That's  how  I lived  through  February . And  I wasn't  planning  to write  anything 
about  the pandemic  because  I you know , I would  have  written  about  the misinformation  part . I would 
have  done  all of that . But I was  seeing  people  around  me plan  conferences  like try to they  were 
asking , like on local  Facebook  groups .
[00:13:48.710]
They'd  be like, my elderly  parents  want  to go on this  cruise  ship  and  we're  hearing  about  the
pandemic . Should  they  go? And  I would  be like, no, they  should  not go, because  we already  see the
data . Like , this  is not good . This  is they  should  not. And  they  will send  me this  New  York  Times  or
Washington  Post  article  saying  you're  just  panicking . They  would  tell me to worry  about  the flu. I'm
like, yes, yes, please  do get your  flu shot .
[00:14:08.960]
But you don't  understand . We have  a novel  coronavirus . You  got to stop . You've  got to get ready . You 
got to start  getting  ready  to maybe  stay  home  a little  bit, you know , fill your  prescription  medication .
[00:14:21.230]
So I couldn't  find  an article  to send  to these  people .
[00:14:25.940]
So I wrote  one  like that , literally  how  I just  like I was  like, all right , I'm not an epidemiologist . You  know 
what ? There  needs  to be an article  that's  practical  that  just  explains  people . What  is basic  concepts 
like flattening  the curve , which  it wasn't  around  at the time . So at the end  of February , I wrote  an
article  that  basically  said , look , if we're  going  to get hit, you got to get ready . Things  like the case 
fatality  rate  are not fixed  numbers  because  if our hospitals  are overloaded , more  people  will die.
[00:14:58.520]
The best  way  is to sort  of stay  away  from  other  people , try to stay  home  if you can , which  means  you
have  to kind  of get ready  for it. So I just  think  it was  seen  as a Prepon  Dumarey  thing . And  I eye and ,you know , we'll  probably  talk  about  this .
[00:15:14.420]
It was  one  of the most  striking  years  of group  think  that  I live through  in twenty  twenty  like topic  after 
topic .
[00:15:23.090]
And I thought , you know  what , we need  to have  an article  so that  I can  tell people  it's not a crazy  thing 
to prepare  for what  is a regular  occurrence  in human  history . And  since  this  is a virus , we're  not going 
to be able  to like pull an antibiotic  out of our pocket . We got to get ready . So I wrote  one . Just  to have 
something  to send  to the people  who  were  around  me who  were  like sending  their  parents , elderly 
parents  on trips  and  still and  I just  wanted  to tell the conference  organizers , no, you've  got to you're 
not going  to be able  to hold  a conference  and  may  just  start  planning  for it.
[00:16:01.590]
So I wrote  one  and  two , my kind  of surprise . I just  really  went  viral  because  people  were  looking  for
that kind  of level  headed  advice  and  I didn't  have  anything  complicated . And  it's like if you read  it now ,
it's the kind  of stuff  you read  a million  times , you know , just  a crazy  flattening  the curve .
[00:16:21.900]
Where  was  it, The  Atlantic  or The  New  York  Times ? Scientific  American . I owed  them  a blog  post , to
be honest . Nobody  else  really  was  interested  in it. And  my editor  there  just  had  his first  grandchild .
[00:16:36.430]
So it's like, do you want  an article  on getting  ready ? It's like, oh, sure .
[00:16:40.500]
And then  I sent  it and  I thought , like, he'd  give  me some  feedback  or something , but he had , like, the
cute  baby  bundle  that  was  occupied .
[00:16:48.630]
We just  put it up.
[00:16:49.890]
So there  were  typos  and  I was  like, we were  supposed  to anyway , just  like then  we fixed  the few  typos 
and it went  really , really  like I sort  shared  all over  it had  millions  of views .
[00:17:00.450]
It had  all the sort  of big share . So I got a lot of sort  of feedback  from  people  saying  thank  you because
I was  starting  to think  I'm crazy  because , you know , I worried  about  this . I don't  know  what  to do and 
nobody's  telling  me what  to do. And  I was  kind  of like, yeah , just  now  get some  food  store  some , you
know , get your  prescription  medication , just  maybe  plan  for a home  office  or, you know , maybe  your 
kids won't  be able  to go to school  just  as basic  stuff .
[00:17:28.650]
So I wrote  that  and  I thought , all right , you know , I've done  what  I need  to do. And  I thought  that  would 
be the first  and  last  thing  I kind  of wrote , because , you know , you don't  really  expect  to be doing  this .
But what  happened  there  was  I needed  to sort  of send  people  to a list of things  to buy that  wasn't 
crazy , like just  simple  stuff  like how  do you stay  home  for a couple  of weeks , avoid  grocery  stores ,
things  like that .
[00:17:56.340]
And it linked  to a site  that  was  more  focused  on, like prepress  stuff , which  it was  my like list. The  list
wasn't  bad , so I can't  buy gold . Well , it wasn't  that  so that's  why  I like there  wasn't  a list. So I was  like
wading  through  all the lists  and  they  were  like, crazy . Yeah , beigel , do this , do that . And  I was  like, no,
no, no, no, no, no.[00:18:16.160]
So I finally  found  one  that  was  sensible  because  I thought  I also  don't  want  to, like, draw  up my own 
list. So it was  a sensible  list, but being  quite  sensible , it had  said  you should  also  buy some  ESCs . And
as I said , like I had  bought  some  January  7th. That's  what  the infectious  disease  specialist  had  been 
through , SARS  advice , it's kind  of a straightforward  thing . And  then  I started  hearing  from  health 
professionals  who  got mad  at me for linking  to a list that  said  buy masks  in my piece .
[00:18:51.070]
I even  said , you know , they're  kind  of Adama's , don't  worry  about  it. But yeah , the list was  like, buy
mess . You  can  find  them . And  then  I started  this  amazing  amount  of feedback  that  was  mad  at me
from  health  professionals  who  are making  claims  that  masks  were  harmful , right . That  it wasn't  that 
there's  a shortage  because  I knew  there  was  a shortage . So I said  there's  a shortage . And  so you kind 
of can't  worry  about  it because  it is what  it is.
[00:19:21.510]
There's  a shortage .
[00:19:23.010]
But I was  being  told  that  I was  endangering  people  by, you know , letting  them  think  that  masks  were 
OK, that  they  weren't  harmful . And  I was  like I had  another , like, second  order  out of body  months 
there . I'm like, what  are we talking  about ? Like , how  are they  harmful ? Like , I thought  maybe  there's 
some  weird  trick . I don't  know  about  all this . Like  maybe  there's  some , you know , detailed  virology 
about  something , something  about  masks  and  harm  that  everybody  in Hong  Kong  and  Japan  and 
Taiwan  missed .
[00:19:58.350]
And I said , OK, you know , let me see. Like , what  are you telling  me? Like , I want  to understand  what 
you guys  are saying .
[00:20:04.680]
So it was  really  startling . It was  I was  told  and  this  was  like by health  professionals , there  were  like
journalists , health  journalists  writing  these  articles , doctors  making  these  claims . So this  was  not
some  rare  fringe  claim  to make .
[00:20:21.990]
So they  were  saying  things  like that , wearing  a mask  would  cause  a false  sense  of security , that 
people  would  become  very  reckless  just  because  they  were  wearing  a mask  and  do more  dangerous 
things . Now , I may  not be a virologist , but I am a sociologist . And  false  sense  of security  is something 
that's  been  researched  a lot.
[00:20:45.120]
And it sounds  really  clever . It's a little  Gladwell , William , like it's the sort  of smart  contrary  any kind  of
thing . You  think  you'll  be more  safe , but you're  actually  less  safe . It's been  researched  to death  and  it's
kind  of like a second  order  effect , like you've  got a safety  device  and  then  you're  just  more  reckless 
and it's just  incredibly  hard  for a second  order  effect  like that  to overcome  the benefit  of the actual 
safety , the first  order  effects  and  in fact , the research .
[00:21:16.710]
You don't  see it. You  don't  see it for things  like Helgeland . So you don't  see it for seatbelts .
[00:21:22.140]
Yeah , seatbelts . I mean , it's plausible . There's  the occasional  person  who  is more  reckless , but like
maybe  I saw  like one  little  study  of my alpine  skiers . But even  there , like the benefit  of the helmet  was 
so great  that  it just  didn't  overwhelm . If to the degree  you can  find  examples  and  plus , you know , from
the sociology  of it, I knew  that  people  who  wore  the masks  would  actually  almost  certainly  be more 
careful  because  you're  just  it's a sign  something's  wrong .[00:21:56.730]
So instead  of being  reckless , you would  expect  them  to be more  careful  and  more  cautious . Like  why 
rather  than  being  reckless . And  also , you would  see there  was  a lot of evidence  then  that  we were 
having  pre symptomatic  transmission  that  people  without  symptoms  were  transmitting . And  the
World  Health  Organization  and  the CDC  were  then  saying  that  people  should  wear  a mask  if they  are
sick. And  again , sociologically  speaking , there  is no way  for only  the sick  to wear  masks  because  of
the stigma  and  we know  this  from  tuberculosis  research  like tuberculosis  is also  airborne  and  people 
are supposed  to wear  masks , but they  can't  wear  masks  only  if they're  sick  because  that's  kind  of
singling  you out a stick .
[00:22:43.690]
And this  is at a time  where , like Asian  Americans  who  wore  masks  were  being  attacked  and  there's 
just no way . So if you do believe  sick  people  are supposed  to wear  masks , you have  to say
everybody's  got to wear  masks . Plus , we know  there's  symptomatic  transmission . So people  who 
don't  know  they're  sick  are transmitting . So you've  got to say everybody's  got to wear  masks .
[00:23:02.580]
But also , more  importantly , you can't  bemoan  the lack  of P e for health  professionals  based  on the
argument  that  masks  don't  work . Right .
[00:23:14.040]
Mean . Yeah , that  was  another  thing . So that  was  a whole  other  thing . So that  part  didn't  work . So I
was like, no, this  ah, this  argument  doesn't  make . So the second  argument  they  made , which  is when  I
lost it, I thought  with  the sociological  part  I thought , oh, you know  what , doctors  don't  know  a lot of
sociology . They  have  a lot of assumptions  about  people  like they're  just  wrong . So I was  kind  of like
thinking  they  were  like, we can  just  correct  this  misunderstanding .
[00:23:40.570]
Right ? I was  thinking  that  they're  just  missing  a false  sense  of security . This  contrarian  thing  is
alluring  them  intellectually , and  we'll  just  correct  this . The  other  thing  they  told  me was  that  what  if
you touch  the outside  of your  mask ?
[00:23:55.180]
And I was  at that  point  like as opposed  to touching  your  face  without  a mask , like, what  are we talking
about  it? So what  was  happening  was  they  were  looking  at studies  of health  care , people  self 
infecting  because  of improper  mask  use, but that  is compared  to less  self  infection  because  of proper
use. Like  there's  no comparison  to not.
[00:24:20.450]
Right . Yeah , right . I mean , obviously , if I'm going  to touch  my face  or if, like, they  would  say stuff  like
what  if the outside  of your  mask  is contaminated  and  you touch  it? I'm kind  of like if the outside  of my
mask  is contaminated , that's  a win. Like , there's  just  no way  you can  make  me buy this . This  is for
you.
[00:24:38.980]
And if you're  touching  your  mask , you're  not touching  the mucous  membranes  that  are beneath  your 
mask . Correct .
[00:24:44.080]
And if the outside  of your  mask  is getting  infected , that  means  you're  not breathing  that  thing  in.
Right . And  plus , there  was  a lot of so at that  point , I thought , this  is crazy . There's  something  else 
going  on here . And  further , of course , as the I started  like looking  at the my for getting  in touch  with 
my friends  in Hong  Kong , getting  in touch  with  infectious  disease  specialist  there . And  what  I also 
learned  was  that  for them , masks  were  really  being  used  to stop  transmission  to others , not just  like
protecting  the wearer , which  is like a medical  thing , which  is kind  of a higher  standard .
[00:25:22.150]It's kind  of little  harder  to keep  something  out, but it is easier  just  with  a cloth  mask  even  to sort  of its
respiratory  etiquette . Right . That's  why  you sneeze  into  your  elbow  rather  than  just  sort  of spread  it
around . So that  was  really  straightforward . And  I got this  really  strong  sense . There  was  a lot of these 
threads  on social  media  from  really  well-meaning  doctors  saying , well , you can't  really  wear  them .
Right , because , you know , they  need  to be blah , blah , blah , blah .
[00:25:48.580]
And there's  all this  talk  about  the shortages , but people  were  being  told  there's  a shortage , it's
harmful . You'll  increase  your  risk like they  were  like these  thousands  of thousands  of tweets . And  I
kind  of got the sense  that  it was  a combination  of not being  logical  with  the outside  of your  mask , not
being  up with  the infectious  disease  specialist  who  knew  what  they  were  doing , the ones  in Japan  and
Hong  Kong  and  Taiwan  who've  been  through  this . And  partly  it was  not trusting  the public .
[00:26:15.850]
Right . There  was  this  fear  of having  a run on masks , which  that  was  legit , like you had  a shortage . But
then  you just  have  to level  with  the public  and  say, it sucks , we have  a shortage . And  here's  what  we
got to do. We're  going  to do cloth  masks  as a stopgap . You  just  have  to kind  of you can't  tell people .
And I thought  this  is going  to start  biting  us because  we're  eventually  going  to have  to tell people  that 
we need  to wear  masks .
[00:26:40.120]
I started  tweeting  about  this . I basically  tweeted  out the whole  argument  saying  this  doesn't  make 
sense . This  doesn't  make  sense . This  part  is illogical . False  sense  of security  is baseless . It's not
there's  no plausible  way  it can  be harmful  to where  one  as opposed  to not wearing  any at all. So I
made  all these  arguments  and  I said , this  is going  to like this  kind  of messaging  against  Mass  is
going  to come  back  and  bite  us badly  in a couple  of months .
[00:27:09.650]
And I waited  because  what  I was  hoping  was  that  I started  like just  putting  the whole  argument  there ,
I think  early  March  I was  waiting  for somebody  else  with  the right  or the right  M.D.  or infectious 
disease  sort  of specialization . To write  a piece  saying , would  the Western  nations , you know , us and 
Europe  please  come  to their  senses  and  like, look  at all the expertise  and  like the idea  that  the
Japanese  are just  superstitious  to Hong  Kong , infectious  disease  experts  are just  superstitious  or so
stupid .
[00:27:45.410]
So I just  waited  because  I do already  have  a platform  on Twitter . People  already  see it. And  I'm kind  of
like, look  here , here's  the whole  argument .
[00:27:54.030]
And I hope  somebody  writes  this , I didn't  say that , but I was  really  like genuinely  thinking  somebody 
with  the gravitas  to make  this  argument  needs  to make  this  argument  because  you're  essentially 
saying  the CDC  and  the World  Health  Organization  need  to change  their  guidelines .
[00:28:11.530]
And then  I waited  two  weeks  with  not I start  I'm still seeing , like articles  go viral  saying  don't  wear  a
mask , you know , you'll  increase  your  chance  of infection . And  these  things  are being  published . And ,
you know , from  traditional  mainstream  health  journalists , it wasn't  like they  were  quoting  doctors  and 
they  were  quoting  CDC  guidelines  saying  it's actually  bad  for you.
[00:28:36.340]
So after  waiting  two  weeks  for anyone  with  the right  gravitas  and  the sort  of standing  to make  this 
argument , and  I had  like this  perch  at The  New  York  Times , I just  went  and  said , you guys  want  a piece
on this  like that . We're  just  this  is not the this  messaging  is wrong  and  it doesn't  make  sense . And  we
should  change  these  guidelines . And  I really  wasn't  sure  if I wanted  them  to publish  it because  I
thought , this  is crazy .[00:29:06.070]
Like, I'm I am on the side  of science  and  CDC  and  WHL  and  I'm going  to like I'm pondering  writing  an
op ed saying  that  one  of the most  important  recommendations  they're  making  in a pandemic  is
wrong . So it's not the kind  of thing  I thought  I wanted  to do, but. You  know , nobody  else  was  doing  it,
and it is a pandemic , so I thought , all right , you know , a caution  to the wind . And  partly  it's not just 
caution .
[00:29:33.910]
I really  wanted  someone  who  would  be more  believable  than  me. Right , because  I don't  have  the
correct  credentials . Said  I wanted  it to come  from  someone  like the ex head  of CDC  or something  like
that to come  and  say, look , we got a Maska , there's  a shortage . We'll  do cloth  masks  for now . False 
sense  of security  doesn't  make  sense . But of course , don't  be reckless . And , you know , don't  forget  to
wash  your  hands  in distance .
[00:30:05.140]
And that's  it. Like , it's not very  complicated . So I it just  wasn't  happening . So I said , all right , you know 
what ? It's a pandemic . If nobody  else  is doing  it, I might  as well  do it because  why  not? You'll  it'll go
where  it goes . And  I just  came  out pretty  much  as I said  it, like, if you read  back  now , it's so
straightforward , like there's  no big controversy  over  it.
[00:30:28.840]
But of course  and  I thought  maybe  this  is the end  of my public  writing  career . You  know , I'll be seen 
like an anti  Voxer  because , you know , CDC  saying  it might  be harmful  to our health . Journalists  are
writing  articles  like that . And  I'm coming  out and  saying , you know , World  Health  Organization  or CDC 
wrong  in a pandemic . So that's  kind  of a big deal . And  I thought , right , maybe  that's  the end  of my
public  writing  career .
[00:30:51.760]
But like, if you really  believe  something  is true  and  the stakes  are so high  and  you have  a chance  to
publish , you know , and  what  is still called  a paper  record , so it will be read  now  you've  got to do it. So I
was like, all right , I do it. I write , I wrote  it. And  I had  a great  editor  who  just  kind  of let me write  it the
way I wanted  to write  it. Like  we didn't  do the hemming  and  hawing .
[00:31:17.290]
I was  able  to like link to things  like priest  symptomatic  transmission  is occurring  and , you know , just 
sort of these  things  that  were  still being  treated  like controversial  as late  as March , when , in fact  there
was so much  data  that  was  showing  that  that's  the preponderance  of evidence . Right . Even  if you're 
not 100  percent  certain , so clear  that  it's almost  certainly  that's  what's  happening . So I was  able  to
write  it the way  I wanted  to write  it, just  saying  this  is what  we should  be doing .
[00:31:45.440]
And then  I thought , all right , OK, let's  see what  happens .
[00:31:47.830]
You know , maybe , as I said , my career  is over , or maybe  not. But if it is, it is.
[00:31:55.600]
So then  what  happened  was  sociologically  fascinating  to me is that  I got inundated  with  medical 
professionals  and  other  infectious  disease  people  who  contacted  me and  said  thank  you, thank  you
for writing  this . Thank  you for saying  this .
[00:32:14.350]
I later  learned  that  it caused  the firestorm  within  the CDC  to and  like help  tip their  recommendations 
to, you know , recommending  masks .
[00:32:23.650]
So there  was  this .[00:32:24.500]
So instead  of getting  canceled , which  I thought , you know , maybe  that's  what's  going  to happen , I got
all these  people  like immediately  sort  of this  flood  of thank  you for saying  this . Thank  you for saying 
this. And  part  of me was  like, you're  very  welcome . And  the other  part  of me was  like, why  didn't  you
write ? You're  all these  people  who  were  really  highly  sort  of place  that  it made  me feel  good  because 
I, I don't  want  to sort  of stick  my neck  out if it's wrong .
[00:32:53.720]
Right . I don't  mind  the pushback , but if it was  wrong , I wouldn't  want  to endanger  people . So my first 
thought  was  like, great , I didn't  do something  wrong . I didn't  put people  in danger . I did say the right 
things . My second  thought  was  like, wait , if you all knew  this , like, affected  this , why  was  it, you know ,
like a sociology  professor  to be writing  this  a fault ?
[00:33:18.130]
That  part  is genuinely  strange . And  we should  step  back  for a second  and  acknowledge  that  this 
problem  is much  bigger  than  the pandemic . I want  us to discuss  whatever  is useful  to discuss  at this 
moment  about  covid . But there's  much  more  to this  moment  than  that . I mean , it seems  like we've 
been  living  through  a dress  rehearsal  for something  far worse  on at least  two  fronts . There's  the
global  health  front . And  so we have  a pandemic  here , which  just  by sheer  accident , isn't  ten times 
worse  than  it is.
[00:33:55.480]
Right . covid  could  be killing  10 percent  of people . And  we would  we now  know  how  we would  perform
under  those  conditions  and  it would  be, you know , to watch  our society  unravel . I would  love  your  take
on why  we have  failed  so catastrophically  to to actually  get a handle  on what  is compared  to the the
real possibilities  out there , you know , both  manmade  and  natural , a fairly  benign  disease . Right . So
there's  the global  health  challenge  that  we have  not exactly  risen  to, but then  there's  this  riding 
alongside  it or on top of it or beneath  it.
[00:34:33.460]
There  is the political  instability  that  we've  lived  through  and  the rise  of Trump  ism  and  that , you know ,
complete  derangement  of our politics . What  you also  have  weighed  in on quite  usefully  and  many  of
your  intuitions  here  have  been  informed  by your  experience  of being  Turkish  and  knowing  what  it's
like to live through  coups  and  coup  attempts . And  so you've  seen  the writing  on the wall  in that  sense ,
too. And  so the bigger  problem  is one  of misinformation  and  information  siloing  and  just  the fact  that 
there's  given  that  we're  largely  this  is a story  of what  the Internet  is doing  to the human  mind .
[00:35:13.960]
I mean , we have  access  to so much  information , but simultaneously  we have  the gatekeepers  of
information  have  lost  the trust  of much  of society , in many  cases  for good  reason . I mean , you just 
pointed  to the case  where  it took  you a non  expert  to push  back  against , you know , CDC  guidance .
And so, you know , we find  out we can't  trust  the CDC  to on so basic  a point  as whether  or not people 
should  be wearing  masks  in the middle  of an airborne  pandemic .
[00:35:48.340]
So trust  in public  institutions  has  eroded . And  so now  we're  left with  a situation  where  everyone's  got
a supercomputer  in their  pocket  with  access  to the totality  of human  information , which  is probably 
doubling  at this  point . I don't  know , every  year . And  we have  this  kind  of stalemate  where , you know ,
one person's  groupthink  is another  person's  expert  consensus . There's  no place  to stand  where  you
have  authority  or perceived  authority  to rectify  the obvious  reasoning  errors  of vast  segments  of our
population .
[00:36:30.610]
Take  your  pick . We could  talk  about  key went  on or at the anti-tax  movement  or prominent  people  in
our society  likening  covid  to the flu or the craziness  is everywhere . And  it's very  hard  when  you have  a
breakdown  of of authority  and  even  integrity  in major  institutions , whether  it's the CDC  or scientific journals  like Nature  and  Science  and  the New  England  Journal  of Medicine . Senator , maybe  it's just  all
of this  has  gotten  so contaminated  by politics  on both  the left and  the right  that  it's really  quite 
deranged .
[00:37:02.740]
So, I mean , I I think  we should  step  back  for a second  and  talk  about  the role  that  misinformation  and 
social  media  and  any other  variable  here  bringing  this  confusion  to scale  is playing  on multiple  fronts 
here . Then  we can  sort  of dive  back  into  anything  that  you think  is useful  to say about  covid  at this 
moment . Sure .
[00:37:24.530]
So so you hit upon  like, that's  exactly  what  we mean  when  everything  I've been  interested  in kind  of
came  to be at this  year .
[00:37:33.850]
So to begin  with , I'm on the record  calling  this  a starter  pandemic . That's  not to make  light  of the
existing  tragedy , but like it could  have  had  the fatality  rate  of something  much  worse . Right .
[00:37:49.720]
And there's  no reason  that  it could  have  been  terrible  in ways  that  that  we can't  even  imagine  right 
now . It could  have  been  killing  a lot more  people .
[00:38:00.140]
It is. Mercifully , largely  sparing  children  from  severe  illness  or death , the outcomes  are like so it could 
have  been  just  sort  of devastating  all the children  and  every  death  is tragic , but it could  have  done 
something  like that  is a different  kind  of situation . It could  have  been  killing  30 percent  of the victims .
We might  not have  had  vaccines  in nine  months . There's  so many  things  that  could  be so much  worse
about  this . You  know , the starter  pandemic  we have  and  I mean  this  part , it's already  tragic , but that's 
something  that  I think  about  a lot.
[00:38:37.910]
And the other  thing  is, I mean , this  is something  I think  about  all the time  is that , you know , yes, I've
criticized  the CDC  and  the World  Health  Organization  on this  basic  point . But on the other  hand , of
course , like overall , they  are right . Like , if you are just  sort  of thinking  about  like who  do I believe  you're
always  going  to choose  the CDC . You're  always  going  to choose  the World  Health  Organization 
compared  to the.
[00:39:03.540]
You know , rampant  misinformation  out there , so even  if they  have  hiccups  and  get something  wrong ,
they're  like, you know , they're  full of actual  experts  and  their  whatever  their  failings , they're  so much 
better . And  look  at like the vaccines  and  the scientific  edifice  that  can  deliver  this  kind  of vaccine  with 
the speed . And  yet and  yet we're  losing  the argument  to Kinnon . Right ? I mean , we have  all this  like I
was just  sort  of talking , I think , in another  interview .
[00:39:35.070]
And I'm just  kind  of like amazed  at how  little  we're  doing  with  what  we have  because  we haven't 
figured  out how  to make  these  institutions  earn  public  trust  the right  way , like because  all the
mistakes  they  make  and  the sort  of communication  errors  kind  of weaken  them .
[00:39:53.880]
But in reality , I'm just  thinking  like, you know , clinical  medicine  has  all sorts  of things  I can  criticize 
about  everything  from  the equity  to the way  they  listen  to the they  don't  listen  to the patients  to they 
are still in a mind  body  dualism . As far as like I'm concerned , they  have  these . So I have  all these 
criticisms . On the other  hand , if my 11 year  old gets  strep  throat , the only  thing  I'm thinking , well , not
this year , but previously  would  have  been , oh, he can't  go to school  for a day.
[00:40:25.800]Whereas , like, just , you know , if it was  1930's , I'd be thinking , am I planning  a funeral ? Right . Like 
within  basically  a couple  of generations  we've  made  so much  amazing  progress . And  as you point 
out, and  we have  super  computers  in our pockets  and  all of that , and  yet we're  failing  and  we're  losing 
the argument  to like people  we should  not be losing  these  arguments  to because  we're  mismanaging 
it. We're  losing  trust . You  know , people  like Donald  Trump  are managing  to convince  enough  people 
and get elected  and  then  also  managed  to convince  enough  people  that  the election  was  stolen  from 
them .
[00:41:04.650]
And all the things  that  came  from  that  lie were  like, I met  a I volunteer  at a vaccine  clinic . And  the it's
amazing . Like  we're  giving  all these  elderly  people  the the first  shots , but there's  no phone  capacity  to
call them  for reminders  and  to four  weeks  because  the phones  are overloaded  and  over . You  know ,
they're  just  now  and  I and  some  of these  people  were  they're  just  we're  just  sending  them  on with  a
piece  of paper , you know , 80 year  old, 90 year  old people  and  just  hoping  they  show  back  up.
[00:41:41.520]
Now , I'm thinking , how  could  this  be like how  could  we have  these  amazing  vaccines  with  these 
results  and  not have  the phone  capacity  to make  sure  that  we give  them  a call back  to remind  them ,
you know , your  appointments  tomorrow ? Right . That  kind  of simple  stuff . So this  is this  really  weird 
age, this  mismatch  age , major  achievements  of science  are on the one  hand , amazing . Like  we got
the vaccines  so fast , but we're  not putting  money  into  distribution .
[00:42:12.180]
We have  medicine . That's  amazing . But it doesn't  listen  to patients  all the time  and  lose  this  trust . We
have , you know , a democracy  and  we're  electing  Donald  Trump  and  then  nobody's  standing  up. So I
I'm not like it's a transition . And  even  though  the technology  that's  fueling  this , the social  media 
technology  is kind  of amazing  in some  ways , and  this  is something  like this  was  our last  conversation ,
I long  thought  about  this .
[00:42:40.560]
The printing  press  was  amazing , but we didn't  just  get the printing  press  and  then  the Encyclopedia 
Britannica  like there  was  there  was  like there  was  a couple  of, you know , the 30 year  wars  and  this 
and that  and  then  two  global  wars  and  World  War  One  and  World  War  Two  and  near  annihilation .
[00:43:01.010]
And we came  to our senses  a little  later  on that , on the other  hand , like I'm sort  of going  to go from 
like it didn't  just . Yeah , go from  printing  press  clippings  to Britannica . It was  a lot of upheaval . But on
the other  other  hand , like after  nineteen  forty  five, after  World  War  Two , he wanted  to sort  of you're 
taking  bets  you'd  be like in 20 years  Germany  is going  to attack  somebody  again , probably  France ,
because  that  had  that  was  pretty  much  what  had  happened  for hundreds  of years .
[00:43:31.470]
But for a bunch  of complicated , lengthy  reasons , Europe  was  scared  enough  and  US was  scared 
enough  to build  institutions  to make  sure  that  never  happened .
[00:43:44.970]
And in 20, 30 years , instead  of having , you know , one  more  Germany  attacks  France  story , which  is
like if you are Baoshan , that's  what  you said  was  about  to happen  again .
[00:43:54.660]
We got, you know , a single  currency  there . Soon  thereafter , we got borderless  travel . I mean , I'm not
saying  the European  Union's  the perfect .
[00:44:03.550]
But we haven't  had  another  Germany , France , or like the continent  is not in pieces  again , so it's like we
can fix things  when  in if we fix the institutional  part  of it.[00:44:17.170]
Part of the problem  here , though , is that  because  there's  been  such  a breakdown  in trust  in
institutions , many  people  doubt  whether  we need  institutions , institutions  themselves  are in disrepute .
And I mean  even  I mean , you and  I are visibly  part  of this  trend . I mean , you probably  less  so than  than
I am. But, you know , I'm you and  I are speaking  on my podcast , which  I have  taken  great  pains  to
divorce  from  any kind  of institutional  pressure  because  of the kind  of intellectual  freedom  I want  to
have  here .
[00:44:50.710]
You know , like I have  actually  consciously  worked  now  for years  to make  myself  on cancelable . And ,
you know , you you write  for The  Atlantic  and  The  New  York  Times , but you also  have  a substandard 
email , which  I certainly  recommend  people  subscribe  to. You're  part  of a trend  there  that  made  many 
very celebrated  journalists  have  jumped  entirely  to substory  because  the institutions  have  proved  to
be so vulnerable  to Passarelli . So, I mean , this  shouldn't  be the case .
[00:45:20.680]
But, you know , you can  get something  with  a few  hundred  tweets  on Twitter , which  brings  The  New 
York  Times  to its knees , at least , you know , behind  closed  doors . They're  treating  it like it's an
absolute  emergency  and  looking  for who  to fire next . And  so standing  outside  of all this , you know , we
have  obviously  the people  who  have  been  taken  in by one  or another  crazy  confabulation  like Kuhnen 
and, you know , the larger  subset  of Trump's  preoccupation  around  that .
[00:45:50.710]
But on the far left, there  are analogs  of this . And  if there's  a consensus  about  anything  right  now , it
seems  to be that  the experts  can't  be trusted  to the point  where  expertise  itself  isn't  even  a thing 
anymore . Right . It's like we don't  we don't  need  experts  for anything . They've  all discredited 
themselves , the people  most  worth  listening  to or simply  the people  who  will say the most 
provocative  thing  that  proves  to be most  shareable . And , you know , unhelpfully  for any kind , of course ,
correction  back  to normalcy  here .
[00:46:22.570]
We have  one  vivid  example  after  the next  of people  like yourself . And , you know , and  there  are many 
other  people  I could  name  in this  mode  who  obviously  have  one  foot  in institutions  and  the normal 
culture  of expertise  or even  both  feet  there , but occasionally  have  to step  outside  of all of that  and 
point  out that  the institutions , you know , are most  prestigious  institutions  are failing  to a degree  that 
is actually  just  jaw dropping . Right . And  this  is I'll just  add  to add  to you, I would  add  to one  other  data 
point  here  on the kind  of the and  the other  side  of this , which  is I'm sure  you saw  this  at one  point .
[00:47:04.330]
I forget  what  month  this  landed  in. But when  we were  having  all of the the social  protests  around  the
murder  of George  Floyd  and  the BLM  protests  that  in certain  cases  devolved  into  riots  and  all of that 
happening  on the left, you know , there  were  open  letter  signed  by literally  thousands  of doctors  and 
public  health  professionals  in support  of these  protests  as though  they  posed  absolutely  no
epidemiological  concern  like this  is necessary . This  is good . All of the right  wing  protests  against 
lockdown  were  murderously  irresponsible .
[00:47:43.000]
Right ? They  had  castigated  the right  over , you know , gathering  en mass  in public . But then  we had 
protests  from  the left that  were  aligned  with , you know , the political  Prior's  of, you know , most  people 
in journalism  and  most  people  in academia , which  were  an order  of magnitude  larger . And  from  a you
know , apart  from , you know , some  more  mask  wearing , definitely  looked  riskier  than  anything  that 
was happening  on the right . And  yet there  was  not only  silence  around  this , there  was  absolute 
support  from  public  health  people .
[00:48:16.330]
And, you know , obviously  this  got noticed  by everyone  right  of center  as not just  an instance  of black 
comedy  level  hypocrisy , but it was  just  a complete  breakdown  of a commitment  to spreading  valid public  health  information , which  and  so people  you know , the people  who  were  who  were  who  were 
resisting  wearing  masks  at that  point , took  notice  and  said , all right , we can't  trust  anything  you
people  say. It's all about  politics . You've  just  proved  that  yet again .
[00:48:46.630]
And it's you can  almost  hold  your  breath  until  the next  moment  where  the worst  fears  and  the most 
cynical  assumptions  of any one  of these  siloed  groups  of fabulists  get confirmed  by our institutions .
At this  point , I mean  the most  risk. Sensible  people  behave  absolutely  irresponsibly , seemingly  on
command , it's very  hard  to find  a place  from  which  to reboot  and  to to acknowledge  all of these  past 
missteps  and  to say, OK, now  we're  going  to move  forward  with , you know , professionals  in their  right 
seats  and  with  a renewed  commitment  to institutional  integrity  and  intellectual  honesty  and 
everything  else  that's  going  to become  a reliable  engine  of progress  here .
[00:49:32.280]
It's amazing  to see by literally  I see billionaires  who  are is basically  as cynical  about  anything  ever 
getting  done  ever  again  as Kuhnen  lunatics . So it's it's just  a it's a very  dark  picture  of, you know , if we
have  a consensus  about  anything , it's that  nobody  knows  how  to move  forward  here .
[00:49:54.690]
So anyway , I just  vomited  all of my stories  on you, and  you do with  that  what  you want .
[00:50:01.470]
Interesting  thing  is that  the experts  are the ones  that  are kneecapping  themselves  despite . I mean ,
every  argument  should  be on their  side . I guess  we just  discuss  this  like medicine  is doing  amazing 
things . These  vaccines  are amazing , like the guidelines  of the. If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this
conversation , you'll  need  to subscribe  and  Sam  Harris , Doug , once  you do, you'll  get access  to all full
length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , along  with  other  subscriber  only  content , including 
bonus  episodes  and  Amma's .
[00:50:37.940]
In the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app , the making  says  podcast  is ad free  and 
relies  entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris . Doug .[00:00:06.810] - Sam Harris
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this  conversation 
in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris 
dog. There  you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along  with  other 
subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible  entirely 
through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.940] - Sam Harris
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  that  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . OK, well , today  I'm speaking  with  Ian Gilchrist . Ian is a fellow  of All
Souls  College  at Oxford  and  a fellow  of the Royal  College  of Psychiatrists , also  a fellow  of the Royal 
Society  of Arts .
[00:01:13.660] - Sam Harris
And he was  a research  fellow  in neuroimaging  at Johns  Hopkins . And  most  importantly , for our
purposes , he's  the author  of the book  The  Master  and  his emissary , The  Divided  Brain  and  the Making 
of the Western  World . And  that  is the focus  of our conversation  today . We talk  about  the differences 
between  the right  and  left hemispheres  of the brain , which  are fascinating  and  consequential . And  I
think  under  appreciated.  And  this  gets  us into  many  thorny  issues . We discuss  the popular 
misconceptions  about  these  differences , the prospect  that  consciousness  might  be partitioned  even 
in an intact  brain , the difference  between  consciousness  and  attention , the boundary  between  the
conscious  and  unconscious  mind , how  face  to face  encounters  differ  between  the hemispheres , the
unique  deficits  that  result  from  damage  to each,  the ascendancy  of the left hemisphere  in modern 
culture , the possibility  that  the brain  is a mere  receiver  of mind .
[00:02:10.700] - Sam Harris
People's  expectations  about  surviving  death . Anyway , I thought  it was  a fascinating  conversation . We
certainly  could  have  gone  on for many  more  hours . And  now  I bring  you Iain  Gilchrist .
[00:02:28.420]
I am here  with  the Gilchrist , and  thank  you for joining  me.
[00:02:31.990] - Iain McGilchrist
It's a great  pleasure , Sam . Thank  you.
[00:02:34.150] - Sam Harris
So we're  about  to speak  about  what  I consider  one  of the most  interesting  topics  in any field . The 
focus  of our conversation  is covered  really  in exhaustive  detail  in your  book , The  Master  and  his
Emissary . And  there's  also  a film  based  on that  which  I discovered  online  last  night , The  Divided  Brain .
But before  we jump  in. What  is your  academic  and  intellectual  background ?
[00:03:00.570] - Iain McGilchrist
All my life, really  I've been  interested  in philosophical  questions , particularly  the end  of philosophy  that
accommodates  theology . And  so at 18, I wanted  to go to Oxford  and  study  philosophy  and  theology .
But you had  to take  an entrance  exam  in some  school  subject  and  almost  at random . I chose  English 
literature , and  when  I went  to interview , they  said , oh, you can't  you can't  do theology nd and 
philosophy . It's not  an honours  degree . So in 1972  in Oxford , theology  and  philosophy  wasn't  an
honours  degree . Each  on their  own  was , but not the combination.  I think  it is , but there we are.
[00:03:38.080] - Iain McGilchrist
So they  said , look , you obviously  like and are  good  at English, so  come  and  do that . So I did. And  I was
interested  really  in the philosophy  of literature  and  the philosophy  of aesthetics  in a way . And 
something  struck  me as very  odd  about  what  we were  doing . I got a fellowship  immediately  after 
graduating  which  enabled  me to have  time  to reflect .[00:03:59.950] - Iain McGilchrist
And I thought  that's  something  that's  really  troubling  me about  the way  in which  we approach 
literature . Somebody  in the past  took  great  pains  to create  something  that  is unique , embodied,  and, 
largely  speaking,  implicit . In other  words , if you're  try and unpack  it, like explaining  a joke  or trying  to
say, well , this  is what  this  poem  means , you know , you really  are losing  a lot of the value  in the
meaning . And  people  came  along , you know , in seminar  rooms  and  took  the embodied  and  made  it
thoroughly disembodied. T ook the implicit  and  made  it explicit,  and  in the process  rendered  this 
entirely  unique  thing hat's, this  completely  unique  experience , something  that  was  utterly  general  in
nature . So I thought  there's  something  wrong  with  this . And  I wrote  a book  called  Against  Criticism .
And what  seemed  to me wrong  was  that  we'd  become  very  disembodied  in the way  that  we think 
about  everything . In fact , it's something , you know , since  the earliest  days  reflected  on the way  we
lead  our lives  nowadays , that  they're  over  cerebral  in some  way .
[00:05:03.790] - Iain McGilchrist
And the process  is somewhat  destructive . It has  its advantages , but it also  has  major  problems . And  I
went  to the philosophy  seminar  to discuss  the mind  body  question , but I found  that  the philosophers 
were  just  altogether  too disembodied  in their  approach . And  so I thought  I'd read  Oliver  Sacks ' book 
Awakenings , that  just  come  out around  that  time . I'm that  old. And  I thought , this  is really  fascinating .
Here's  someone  who's  attended  to the individuality  of his patients , but made  completely  amazing 
philosophical ... drawn  philosophical  conclusions  that  are very  important  about  what  happens  when 
something  changes  your  brain  or your  body  and  what  that  does  to your  personhood ,  to your  mind  and
to your  whole  humanity . And  I thought  this  is what  I want  to do. So I had  to start  again  to study 
medicine  from  scratch . And  then  as soon  as I qualified  and  done  my basic  jobs  in in what  you'd  call
internships , I then  did a little  bit of psychiatry  and  sorry , a bit of general neurosurgery  and  then  went  to
the Maudsley  to study  psychiatry .
[00:06:23.650] - Iain McGilchrist
And my interest  there  all along  being  in the overlap  between  mind  and  body . So that's  how  I got into 
being  somebody  who  writes  about  the mind  body  relationship  from  an embodied  point  of view . This  is
the question , how  did I get into  the issue  of lateralization ? But you may  be coming  onto  that  so we
can do a  bit at a time .
[00:06:43.990] - Sam Harris
Yeah . So and  have  you had  a psychiatric  practice  all this  time  or are you you retired  in that  mode .
[00:06:51.220] - Iain McGilchrist
Oh, I'm retired  now , but for four  years  I was  a practising  psychiatrist  first  at the best  and  Maudsley 
Hospital  in London  and  then  private .
[00:07:01.960] - Sam Harris
Right . So we're  going  to talk  about  the divided  brain , which  is something  I've spoken  about  before , I
think  at least  in passing,  on my podcast  and  on my app ,  Waking  Up, I've certainly  written  about  it in at
least  one  of my books . But given  its strangeness  as a phenomenon  and  its its relevance  to how  we
conceive  of ourselves  as persons , it really  is an underreported  finding  in science . So I think  we should 
just describe  the phenomenon  itself , how  we've  come  to know  anything  about  it.
[00:07:40.550] - Sam Harris
I mean , the basic  picture  is that  the human  brain  and , you know , not just  humans  this  is true  of the
avian  brain  and  on mammalian  brains   but  for our purposes  and  most  interestingly , our own  brains 
are divided , you know , across  the the longitudinal  fissure  into  left and  right  hemispheres . And  this 
could  have  worked  out in various  ways . The  two  hemispheres  could  have  been  functionally  identical .
They  could  have  shared  information  perfectly . There  could  be no differences  between  them .
[00:08:15.500] - Sam Harris
And one  would  sort  of think  that  would  be the case . And  yet what  we have  found  is that  they're  quite 
different  and  we're  going  to go into  those  differences . And  we know  this  based  on the fact  that  they can be disconnected . So maybe  we should  actually , before  we dive  into  the split  brain  phenomenon ,
how  we know  any of this  stuff , just  explain  the title  of your  book  The Master  and  His Emissary . What 
do you mean  by that  title ?
[00:08:41.540] - Iain McGilchrist
OK. Well , that's  essentially  a story  which  illustrates  how  I see the relationship  between  the two 
hemispheres  here . We are kind  of jumping  ahead  a bit. But there's  been  a general  view he  the  one 
that I was  trained  on. The  left hemisphere  is the one  that  does  all the heavy  lifting  and  is intelligent 
and perceptive  and  that  the right  hemisphere  is a bit of a kind  of a no-good . They're really  kind  of sure
what  it is. I mean , it might  be for propping  up the left hemisphere  to make  sure  it doesn't  fall over . I
mean , literally , people  have  to like that .
[00:09:18.320] - Iain McGilchrist
But I, I see them  as having  developed  two  entirely  different  roles . They've  been  separate  in all the
brains  we know , going  right  the way  down  to reptiles  and  even  the networks  of insects , of nematode 
worms . And  even  the most  ancient  sea creature  that  we know  of already  shows  an asymmetrical 
neural  network  , which  is very  interesting  in itself . But what  I think  has  happened  in humans  is with 
the evolution  of language , we've  decided  to devote  one  part  of the brain  for dealing  entirely  in theory 
or the symbols  of experience  rather  than  the gathering  of experience  itself .
[00:10:04.370] - Iain McGilchrist
And in a new  book  I'm writing  and  I actually  take  the pains  to go through  all the various  ways  in which 
we get a handle  on the world . And  in all cases , the left hemisphere  is not as good  at this  as the right 
hemisphere . Why  is that ? Because  the left hemisphere  needs  to be kept  away  from  that , because  it's
busy  doing  some  theoretical  processing . Now , the thing  is that , in fact , the right  hemisphere  is
actually  more  intelligent . And I mean , in terms  of IQ like an.
[00:10:36.890] - Iain McGilchrist
In the book  that  I've been  writing , I've got the information  about  that , which  sounds  a bit odd , but it's
also  the one  that  attends  much  more  broadly  to the world , perceives  more , makes  better  judgments ,
is less  taken  in, tends  not to jump  to conclusions  in the way  the left hemisphere  does , has  social  and 
emotional  understanding  in the way  the left hemisphere  doesn't . And  indeed , it is the one  that  we rely
on to be connected  to and  make  sense  of the world .
[00:11:04.760] - Iain McGilchrist
When  people  have  a left hemisphere  stroke , they  carry  on, for all intents  and  purposes , being  largely  in
touch  with  the same  world  they  were  in before . But when  they  have  a right  hemisphere  stroke , they 
find it hard  to understand  what's  happening , what  people  mean  when  they  say things . I mean  their 
language  functions  okay . But what  does  this  really  mean  anymore ? So the patients w ho are cared  for
by people  and  they  have  a right  hemisphere  stroke , the main  complaint  is that  they  these  patients  lack
any human  understanding  or empathy , whereas  the complaint  with  people  who  have  a left
hemisphere  stroke  is they  have  difficulty  reading  and  writing  is really  on a very  different  level .
[00:11:47.000] - Iain McGilchrist
So to come  back  to the master  and  his emissary , the right  hemisphere  is in a way , the master . The 
idea  I had  here  was  of a spiritual  community  in which  there  was  a way  spiritual  master  who  looked 
after  the business  of a community  so that  it flourished  and  grew . And  in a while  it became  obvious 
that the master  couldn't  look  after  all the daily  business  of the community  and  indeed  ought  not to get
involved  with  it. In fact , if he was  to be able  to maintain  his all important  overview  and  so he delegated
his brightest  and  best  sort  of second  in command  to go about  doing  the sort  of administrative 
business .
[00:12:25.460] - Iain McGilchrist
But this  administrator , while  very  bright , wasn't  bright  enough  to know  what  it was  he didn't  know . And
so he thought , what  does  a master  know ? What  does  he know ? He's  just  sitting  back  at the palace 
meditating  so graphically . I'm the one  that  does  all the hard  work  here  and  I'm the one  that  knows .
And so he took  on the mantle  of the master . And  in the process , because  he didn't  know  what  themaster  knew , he was  not able  to perform  his job.
[00:12:55.220] - Iain McGilchrist
And the whole  community , the master  and  the emissary , fell to ruin . Now , I see that  as a parable 
loosely  based  on a hint  in nature  to describe  the relationship , the advancing  relationship  between  the
right  and  left hemisphere  and  the way  we have  ended  up in the world  today , in thrall  to the emissary  to
the servant . That  doesn't  really  understand  what  the master  would  have  known  and  been  able  to tell
us about . We could  move  on from  there  to just  a little  reflection  on this  question  that  you raised  the
divided  nature  of the brain .
[00:13:28.220] - Iain McGilchrist
Yes, when  I was  in medical  school , I mean , obviously , we we saw  that  it was . There  it is on the slab 
and it's divided  and  it was  just  taken  for granted  and  nobody  really  said  why . What  on earth  is the
point  of having  a mass  of neuronal  interconnections  whose  value  we seem  to believe  is predicated  on
the sheer  number  of interconnections  that  can   make? Why  divided  right  down  the middle  in this  way ?
And as I say, this  has  been  the case  in all living  creatures  that  we we know  of.
[00:14:01.820] - Iain McGilchrist
Indeed , the corpus  callosum  that  connects  the two  hemispheres , a band  of fibers  at the base  of the
brain  that  connects  about  two  percent  of the fibers  of the brain  directly  is a mammalian  invention . Up
until  mammals  and  birds  and  reptiles , amphibians , monotremes , there  isn't  a corpus  callosum  at all.
So that's  fascinating . And  indeed , Chuco  Healing's  Jackson , who's  a great  one  of the great  fathers  of
modern  neurology  in the 19th  century , said  it's not common  enough  for us to wonder  at this  fact  that 
the brain  is divided  in this  way .
[00:14:40.340] - Iain McGilchrist
And when  I got to my medical  training  and  so on, this  topic  of difference  between  the hemispheres 
was a really  a non -subject . It was  considered  entirely pop  psychology . It was  tacky . People  pled  with 
me, don't  don't  allow  your  career  to be tainted . You  can  do well , don't  do this , you know , don't  get
involved  in this  issue . It's all been  rubbished  a long  time  ago , but that's  actually  to go far too far.
[00:15:09.460] - Iain McGilchrist
First  of all, it's very  clear  and  undeniable  that  the two  hemispheres  do have  quite  different  functions 
because  for each, they  contribute  to...  I'd rather  put it this  way , they  contribute  to a human  being  in
different  ways . You  can  see that  when  people  have  strokes  in one  hemisphere , they  have  a stroke  in
the exactly  same  mirror  position  in the other  hemisphere , the outcome  is completely  different . So it's
not good  enough  to say they're  just  the same .
[00:15:34.940] - Iain McGilchrist
They  aren't . And  they  wouldn't  have  evolved  in this  way  if there  was  really  no purpose  in their 
difference . The  question  simply  was,  what  was  that  difference ? And  all the things  that  people  used  to
say back  in the 60s  and  70s  after  the first  split  brain  operations  (which  was  a procedure  invented  to
aid patients  who  had  constant  epileptic  seizures  ) and somebody  had  the idea  that  it would  be a good
idea  to divide  the connection  between  the two  hemispheres  so that  if a seizure  started  in one 
hemisphere , it wouldn't  automatically  overwhelm  the whole  brain .
[00:16:08.950] - Iain McGilchrist
The other  half  would  be able  to carry  on functioning . And  indeed , it was  a great  success  in achieving 
that, b ut it gave  people  a window  into  the difference  between  these  two  worlds,  because  you could 
actually,  by clever  experimentation , address  problems  and  questions  and  test  out each  hemisphere 
on its own . And  this  gave  rise  to literature , which  was  in a way , people  jump  to a lot of conclusions 
rather  fast . And  the story  was , well , the right  brain  is kind  of emotional , but the left brain  is rational 
and it's dependable . It may  be a little  bit boring , but at least  it's very  dependable . It tends  to be in
contact  with  reality , whereas  the right  hemisphere  is all very  well  if you want  to paint  pictures . But, you
know , and  this  is just  so, so terrible  as a way  of looking  at them . In many  ways , it's the inverse  of the
truth , because  as I've discovered  and  explained  at length  in my works , the left hemisphere  is actually 
less in touch  with  reality , less  reliable , more  prone  to jump  to conclusions , more  prone  to quick  and dirty  decisions , and  more  prone  to getting  emotional  in certain  ways .
[00:17:24.550] - Iain McGilchrist
For example , emotions  are not all, particularly  in the right  or left hemisphere , but one  in particular  is
especially  well  represented  in the left hemisphere nd, and  that's  anger . So it is a fascinating  topic .
[00:17:40.810] - Sam Harris
Hmm. What  I want  to revisit  some  of those  landmarks  that  you just  sketched , because  it's again , this 
is a topic  that  it seems  to me most  of culture  and  maybe  even  most  of scientific  culture  and  even 
neuroscientific  culture  has  really  only  glanced  at. And  it has  kept  at a distance , I think , largely  because
it is so strange . There's  something  very  disconcerting  about  what  we have  come  to know  about  the
organization  of the brain  here  and  some  of its implications . I'm wondering  what  you think  about  why 
this topic  has  been .
[00:18:21.310] - Sam Harris
It strikes  me as it's almost  been  treated  as a kind  of intellectual  pornography . Right . It's been  held  in
disrepute , as you describe . But, you know , beyond  the fact  that  there's  been  some  cartoonish 
portrayals  of the differences  between  left and  right  and  there's  a kind  of pop  psychological 
misinformation  that  has  been  spread . Is there  any other  reason  why  you think  this ? We have  why  you
were  warned  off this  as a topic  when  you were  doing  your  studies ?
[00:18:49.300] - Iain McGilchrist
I think  there  are two  main  reasons . One  is that , as you say, it had  got into  popular  culture  in a certain 
way. So there  was  an ad in the Volvo , a car for your  right  brain  in this  kind  of thing . And  so people 
went , oh, puhleeze , you know , don't  don't  let's  go near  that . So in order  to remain  aloof , you know ,
neuroscientist said____ . no, no, no, no, it's not like that , which  indeed  it isn't .
[00:19:14.050] - Iain McGilchrist
But the other  reason  is that  there  were  some , as I say, some  slightly  too quick  conclusions  drawn  in
the early  days  in the 60s  and  70s  and  on into  the 80s . And  these  were  based  on, I believe , a
misconception , which  is that  the real  difference  between  the two  hemispheres  was  what  they  do,
which  is the right  answer  or the right  way . Question  perhaps  to ask of a machine . What  does  it do? It
is not necessarily  the right  question  to ask of a person , of a person  which  may  be more  interested  in
the how .
[00:19:49.990] - Iain McGilchrist
In what  way, in  what  manner this  is done ? And  what  I discovered  fairly  early  on was  that t he old
division , that  reason  and  language  was  solely  the province  of the left hemisphere  and  emotion  and 
visuospatial  things , the province  of the right  hemisphere , that  this  was  not the case . Each  was 
involved  in all of those , indeed  in everything  that  we do here . So where  does  that  leave  my my, my, my
position ? Fine . Ready  to go on a very  interesting  adventure  because  then  one  says  it's not the the
what , it's the how .
[00:20:28.890] - Iain McGilchrist
And in every  case , whatever  it is that  each  hemisphere  is dealing  with , it deals  with  it in a reliably ,
consistently , predictably  different  way . And  what  is that ? Well , it's a do I believe , with  a problem  which 
is entirely  explicable  in terms  of Darwinian  evolutionary  advantage .
[00:20:51.380] - Sam Harris
So before  we jump  into  that . I want  to talk  about  the evolutionary  origins  of this  in so far as we can 
speculate  about  them  and  just  just  why  would  it be that  brains  would  be divided  and  divided  in the
way that  they  are? But let's  describe  how  we know  that  the hemispheres  are so different  in our own 
case , you know , based  on. I just  want  to summarize  the split  brain  research  in a little  more  detail  for
people  who  may  not be familiar  with  it.
[00:21:21.760] - Sam Harris
And the interesting  thing  here  is that  the claims  that  you are going  to make  about  the differences between  right  and  left and , you know , you have  gone  so far as to suggest  that  the right  hemisphere  is
the the more  competent , the more  fully  human , the more  is the master  rather  than  the emissary . That 
is quite  different  from  where  science  started  once  we started  splitting  the hemispheres  by cutting  the
corpus  callosum . And  in those  surgeries  you described  and  even  people  who  were  very  close  to that 
research  early  on felt that  they  went  from  thinking  that  the right  hemisphere  was , in fact , unconscious .
[00:22:02.870] - Sam Harris
Right . That  there  was  nothing  that  it was  like to be the right  hemisphere , that  the left hemisphere  was 
entirely  the basis  for human  experience  of any kind  to thinking  that  the right  hemisphere , while  it
might  be conscious , it is definitely  subhuman . And  and , you know , Michael  Gazzaniga , who  I know  and
who  is very  early  as a cognitive  neuroscientist  studying  this , you know , worked  under  Roger  Sperry ,
you know , he at one  point , I'm sure  he's  he's  recanted  here .
[00:22:31.150] - Sam Harris
But at one  point  he suggested  that  the right  hemisphere  was  essentially  beneath  a chimpanzee  in its
cognitive  abilities . So we have  come  a long  way  in appreciating  what  the right  hemisphere  is doing .
Ironically , maybe  it maybe  is our left hemisphere  that  had  to be dragged  all this  way  to appreciate 
what  the right  hemisphere  is doing . So let's  just  describe  the original  right  berry  experiments . You 
know , Born  of the Neurosurgery  is done  by Joe  Bogon  and  discuss  how  it is.
[00:23:02.980] - Sam Harris
We were  able  to interrogate  the hemispheres  separately  and  know  that  they  really  are, in the case  of a
divided  brain , two  different  points  of view  on the world  and  really  two  different  subjects , two  different 
people  in a single  human  head . Absolutely .
[00:23:20.980] - Iain McGilchrist
And it might  be worth  just  saying  that  already  in the 19th  century , people  saw  that  the hemispheres 
were  quite  different , famously  broken  decks , so that  patients  who  lost  their  speech  had  damage  to a
certain  area  only  in the left frontal  lobe , not in the right  and  so forth . And  people  observing  people  with
strokes , massive  strokes  in one  hemisphere  or the other  over  the subsequent  decades  often  notice 
that the subjects  seem  to live in a quite  different  kind  of a world .
[00:23:53.050] - Iain McGilchrist
So it wasn't  just  the split  brains  that  told  us this .
[00:23:56.740] - Sam Harris
We should  also  recall  that  and  this  is a point  you make  in your  book , that  long  before  a full century 
before  anyone  thought  of doing  the split  brain  work , we already  knew  or someone  already  knew  that 
the right  hemisphere  was  sufficient  for consciousness  because  there  were  neuroanatomist  who 
discovered  upon  autopsy  that  people  who  had  lived  fully  normal  lives , you know , which  is to say
conscious  lives  had  upon  inspection  after  death . Only  one  hemisphere  of their  brains  could  be the
writer . It could  be the left.
[00:24:34.990] - Sam Harris
And this  is, yes, borne  of the fact  that  people  you know , there  are people  who  are born  without  one 
hemisphere  or, you know , they  suffer  some  illness  or injury  very  close  to birth  and  manage , you know ,
developmentally  to compensate . And  this  is just  not discovered  until  much  later  in life. And  now  now 
this kind  of thing  can  be discovered  during  routine  neuroimaging . You  can  discover  that  a fully  intact 
person  is, in fact , missing  a hemisphere  and  have  been  their  entire  lives .
[00:25:02.530] - Sam Harris
So we already  knew  that  the right  hemisphere  could  be conscious . And  then  we seem  to have 
forgotten  that  over  the course  of a hundred  years  of doing  neurology  and  neuroscience .
[00:25:13.150] - Iain McGilchrist
Yes. I mean , what  you're  particularly , I think  alluding  to there  is the work  of Wiggan  in the 19th  century .
Amazing  figure  who  who  spent  a lot of time  in the autopsy  booth . But I would  just  like to gloss something , since  you've  raised  that  topic , it's slightly  different  because  if somebody  had  only  one 
hemisphere  from  birth , which  can  sometimes  happen  because  there  may  be a space  occupying  lesion
that's  in the place  where  the hemisphere  should  be, you're  dealing  with  something  rather  different 
because  from  the word  go, the neuro , you know , the central  nervous  system  will reorganise  itself  to
take  into  account  this  element .
[00:25:51.250] - Iain McGilchrist
Yeah , but still, it is true  that . People  who  develop  normally  can  certainly  live well  with  the right 
hemisphere . They're  better  off with  their  right  hemisphere  if they've  only  got to have  one  than  with  the
left anyway  to come  back  to the split  brain  operation . Yes , first  of all, people  were  amazed  by a couple
of things  that  they  just  observed  without  doing  any experiments . People  were , first  of all, thinking ,
what  would  it be like for somebody  to have  the two  halves  of their  brain  completely  separate ?
[00:26:22.780] - Iain McGilchrist
When  I say completely  separate , there  are a couple  of minor  minor  committers  commissions  that 
connect  that  to connect  the hemispheres . But to all intents  and  purposes , the very  much  the most 
important  had  been  seven . And  the answer  to that  was  that  they  were  remarkably  normal , as if these 
two Tameka's  who  carry  on like that  without  doing  a lot of talking  to one  another . But they  did also 
notice , at least  in the early  days  after  the operation  going  on for the first  months , that  sometimes 
people  would  show  completely  conflicting  behavior .
[00:26:58.750] - Iain McGilchrist
So a woman  would  go to the wardrobe  to take  out a dress  with  her right  hand  and  her left hand  would 
take  it and  put it back  and  take  out a different  one , or somebody  would  get out money  to pay from  the
wallet  and  the other  hand  would  take  it away  and  put it back  in his pocket .
[00:27:14.050] - Sam Harris
So this  is the kind  of thing  that  you you saw , I believe  there  was  a case  of a man  trying  to embrace  his
wife  with  one  hand  and  strangle  her with  the other .
[00:27:24.040] - Iain McGilchrist
Yes. Well , at least  push  her away  with  the other . I think  the story's  got more . Got better  is it got but it
got better . But no, that's  right . But, you know , very  good , very  interesting  experiments  were  devised ,
very clever , ingenious  experiments  were  devised  whereby , for example , you could  give  information  to
just one  year  or you could  give  conflicting  information  to the two  heirs  at the same  time . And 
normally , of course , information  is shared , but in this  case , it wouldn't  be shared .
[00:28:02.120] - Iain McGilchrist
And so you could  actually  have  a different  input  to each  hemisphere . And  you can  also  do this  visually
using  a technique  called  cystoscopy , in which  a different  image  is put up in the right  visual  field , which
goes  to the left hemisphere  from  the one  that's  put up in the left visual  field , which  goes  to the right 
hemisphere . And  you can  then  ask questions  of the person  about  what  they've  seen  or what  they've 
done , one  of the most  injured  and  some  of those  are rather  intricate  and  would  take  us a long  time  to
try to explain , particularly  without  a diagram .
[00:28:35.030] - Iain McGilchrist
But one  of the most  interesting  findings  was  that  when  the left hemisphere  knew  really  nothing  at all
because  the information  had  all gone  to the right  hemisphere , it would  pretend  that  it knew  all about 
what  was  going  on. So when  it was  asked , why  did you respond  in a certain  way  about  which  it knew 
diddly  squat ? Because  that  had  been  the information  the right  hemisphere  had  had , and  that  was  why 
we had  responded  in that  way . It would  make  something  up that  was  plausible .
[00:29:02.650] - Iain McGilchrist
And it is one  way  of looking  at it is that  the left hemisphere  is extraordinarily  good   at making  things 
up. And  it's a bullshitter , in fact . And  this  is why  Mike  Gazzaniga  calls  it the  interpreter , because  it can
make  sense  of whatever  it sees  happening . And  it actually  seems  to believe  its own  propaganda  and 
just...[00:29:26.780] - Sam Harris
It seems  that  the left hemisphere  seems  to have  dominated  our politics  of late . One thing  you can  see
is the confabulatory  nature  of the left hemisphere  in the news  on an hourly  basis .
[00:29:37.750] - Iain McGilchrist
You can  indeed . And  on that , Roger  Sperry , who , as you mentioned , is one  of the the most  important 
neuroscientists  of that  era investigating  this  phenomenon  for which  he was  given  the Nobel  Prize  said
and he was  no mean  philosopher , actually , as well  as being  a neuroscientist . And  he said  that  the
problem  with  modern  Western  civilization  is that  it has  relegated  it ignores  the right  hemisphere 
anyway . Mike  Gazzaniga  has  changed  his views  quite  a lot since  those  early  pronouncements .
[00:30:13.380] - Iain McGilchrist
Yeah , I imagine  they  live on to haunt  him  slightly . But what  pleases  me is that  some  of the things  I
was saying  earlier  about  the the way  in which  the left hemisphere  is more  prone  to bias  and  more 
prone  to jump  to conclusions  or make  poor  judgments  actually  comes  from  the work  of Nikki 
Maricich , who  works  in Gazzaniga  lab. So obviously  things  have  changed  there , but it's been  a
process  of trying  to get people  to see that  just  because  all we knew  was  a rather  quick  and  dirty 
formula  at a certain  stage , it wasn't  enough  to dismiss  hugely  important  questions .
[00:30:51.700] - Iain McGilchrist
Why  is the brain  divided ? Why  is it asymmetrical , by the way , since  the skull  that  contains  it is not, why
is the connection  between  the hemispheres  so much  involved  with  inhibition  rather  than  facilitation ?
These  were  questions  that  haunted  me and  it took  me 30 years  basically  to come  up with  the what  I
was able  to write  in "The  Master  and  his Emissary"  and  another  10 years  for what  I've just  written  and 
I'm hoping  will be published  in the next  12 months .
[00:31:24.520] - Iain McGilchrist
So, yes, I mean , it didn't  start  from  a very  auspicious  place , but I was  completely  convinced  that 
something  of great  interest  was  being  neglected . And  you asked  why  had  people  not sort  of gone 
further  with  it? I think  the answer  is to make  sense  of it would  require  30 years . And  in doing  so, they 
would  have  basically  forfeited  their  career  because   when  they  were  juniors , their  bosses  wouldn't 
have   them  to do research  on rationalisation .
[00:31:54.310] - Iain McGilchrist
They  said , no, forget  it. That's  all pass . And  as they  got further  on, they  wouldn't  have  got grants  and 
they  wouldn't  have  got promotion  and  so on. So actually , very  few  people  have  taken  the trouble  to
really  look  at this  in any great  depth . And , you know , with  all due  modesty , I am one  of the people  who 
has spent  decades  really , really  getting  acquainted  with  the literature . And  so, you know , I know  some 
things  about  it, that  there  are people  who  do know  them , but it's not in the general  culture .
[00:32:26.620] - Sam Harris
I think  there  may  be an additional  reason  here , which  is that  it's there's  something  impossible  or at
least  very  difficult  to assimilate  about  this  finding  into  one's  sense  of one's  own  being  in the world . I
want  to try to make  what  we're  talking  about  here  as subjectively  real  to people  as we can  make  it
happen  before . And  we'll  go further  into  just  the differences  between  the hemispheres  and  perhaps 
what  we can  start  with , with  just  this  basic  question , which  phrases  are why  is the brain  divided  in the
first place  and  why  would  it not be functionally  symmetrical ?
[00:33:05.530] - Sam Harris
But here's  what  strikes  me is most  strange  about  the phenomenon  which  you really  can  just 
extrapolate  from  the split  brain  finding . So the split  brain  finding  is that  if you divide  the brain 
surgically  by cutting  the commissioner's . At least  the corpus  callosum , but, you know , the Interior 
Comissioner  and  there  are a few  others  that  need  not be cut but could  be cut, and  you have  this  very 
stark  finding  where  you have  just  undeniably  two  points  of view . You  know , whatever  their  differences ,
as we will get describe  there  are two  points  of view  at that  point  in the human  mind  is Deuel  and  the
left hand  quite  literally  doesn't  know  what  the right  hand  is doing .[00:33:51.870] - Sam Harris
And, you know , reminding  people  again  about  the contralateral  organization  of the nervous  system ,
the as you said , the right  hemisphere  in a divided  brain  sees  only  the left side  of the world  and  the left
hemisphere  sees  the right  side  of the world  is not divided  left and  right  eye. It's the left hemisphere 
field  within  both  eyes  and  the right  hemisphere  within  both  eyes .
[00:34:16.950] - Sam Harris
So you can  present  an image  to the right  hemisphere  in which  the left hemisphere  does  not see. But
because  language  is so disproportionately  observed  by the left hemisphere , certainly , you know , 95
percent  of people  when  you're  talking  to the subject  and  you say, well , so what  did you see the answer
you're  getting ? You  know , though , the right  hemisphere  hears  you. The  answer  you're  getting  is
coming  from  the left hemisphere  that  has  control  of speech . And  so you're  talking  to a person  who 
says  why  I didn't  see anything .
[00:34:48.750] - Sam Harris
And then  in an experiment  like this , you could  say, well , just , you know , can  you take  your  your  left
hand  and  reach  for the object  that  you you may  or may  not have  seen . And  then  at that  point , the right 
hemisphere , which  is in full control  of the left hand  or near  full control  of the left hand , can  reach  and 
pick up an object , which  is in fact  the object  that  was  presented  to it, you know , visually .
[00:35:11.940] - Sam Harris
And then  when  asked , why  did you pick  up this  key or a log or whatever  the object  was , as you point 
out, the left hemisphere  at that  point  confabulate  and  tells  a story . It seems  to always  have  a story  as
to why , in this  case , the left hand  over  which  it has  no control  did what  it did. And  it shows  that  it has 
basically  no, you know , reality  testing  mechanism  left to it, left to its own  devices, [35:39]- Sam
HarrisIt will just publicize some account of the world .
[00:35:43.890] - Sam Harris
and, you know , it's apparently  the most  credulous  person  on earth . The  amazing  thing  about  this  is if
you extrapolate  from  this  finding  that , you know , a divided  brain  gives  you two  people . Right . Two 
fairly  different  people . And , you know , even  if they  were  the same  in their  emotional  tone  and  their 
cognitive  styles , which  they're  not, that  would  still be two  of them  at this  point .
[00:36:12.060] - Sam Harris
Two  different  points  of view  on the world . If you extrapolate  from  that  and  realize  that , you know , as
you said , an intact  corpus  callosum  only  terminates  on a mere  two  percent  of cortical  neurons . Right .
I mean , it's not that  every  neuron  is connected  with  every  other , like, neuron  across  the hemispheres .
Right ? So we have  to be imperfectly  connected , even  in the healthiest , most  intact  brain , which  is to
say there  isn't  perfect  information  sharing  across  the hemispheres .
[00:36:45.240] - Sam Harris
And so it opens  the question , to what  degree  are we doing  even  now ? To what  degree  is there ? Could 
there  be islands  of consciousness  in an intact  brain  or shifting , overlapping , non  shared  spaces  of
consciousness ? Where  is that ? It is something  that  is like to be part  of the right  hemisphere . And 
there's  something  that  it's like to be part  of the left hemisphere . And  in any given  moment , these 
points  of view  may  not be unified .
[00:37:18.240] - Sam Harris
They  may  be. I'm agnostic  as to whether  or not this  is a totally  fluid  situation  and  they  can  come  to be
unified  and  separate  again . But it gives  a kind  of Freudian  spooky  picture  of the mind  that  the
unconscious  from  the point  of view  of the conscious  you in this  moment  may  in fact  be conscious ,
you know , and  looking  over  your  shoulder . In a sense , the phenomenology  with  which  any person  is
identified  subjectively  may  not be the totality  of the subjectivity , the conscious  subjectivity  in their 
own  brain .
[00:37:56.220] - Sam HarrisAnd I think  there's  something  about  that  picture  that  is so weird  that  people  just  don't  want  to think 
about  it.
[00:38:06.060] - Iain McGilchrist
I think , yes, you pointed  to something  definitely  that  I don't  think  can  be dismissed , but I think . I'd like
to sort  of moderate  that  picture  a little . Sure , I and  the first  is that  we all grow  up with  information 
coming  to us from  both  halves  of the world , and  it is communicated  through  the body  and  into  the
brain u sing  both  endocrine  transmitters , as well  as the neurological  system  that  we are describing 
and the normal  person  is receiving  a picture  will around  the world , and  this  information  is being  taken 
as a whole . So on the whole , we don't  find  ourselves  noticing  this . In fact , if we noticed  it, it would  be
very damaging  for us because  we would  find  ourselves  constantly  torn , like the person  who's  trying  to
pay and  putting  the money  back  in the pocket . And  it's also  worth  saying  that  after  usually  about  the
first five or six months , most  split  brain  subjects  started  to lose  this  into  manual  conflict , as it's called .
[00:39:17.140] - Iain McGilchrist
So it's something  that  the person  sort  of accommodated  to, but it's also  not just  truth , I mean , on the
other  hand , it's also  not just  split  brain  patients  that  must  be thinking  very  differently  and  seeing  the
world  very  differently  because  you can  produce  this  effect  experimentally  in normal  subjects  using 
transcranial  magnetic  stimulation , which  is a technique  whereby  you can  painlessly  stimulate  or
suppress  depending  on the frequency  of the pulses  in areas  of the brain  and  I don't  know , but  you've 
probably  talked  about  that  in another  podcast .
[00:39:57.450] - Iain McGilchrist
But in any case , the point  is this . When  you do that , something  full fledged  and  ready  to go is released .
So it's not like it was  there . You  know , when  you when  you knock  out the left hemisphere , you knock 
out the right  hemisphere , you find  instantaneously  decisions  being  made , which  are characteristic  of
what  we know  to be the way  of the right  or the left hemisphere . And  this  can  actually  be
advantageous  in certain  circumstances , so that  problem-solving  of a certain  kind .
[00:40:28.070] - Iain McGilchrist
Allan  Snyder  in Sydney  has  experimented  on this  can  be facilitated  by suppressing  the left frontal 
cortex  and  enhancing  the right  frontal  cortex  so that  complex  problems , including  mathematical 
problems , can  be more  easily  solved  in any case . All I'm really  saying  there  is that, yes , there  is
something  spooky , and  it's not just  in split  brain  patients , I acknowledge  that,  because  as I say, it's
there  and  ready  to go, and  then  people  have  a stroke  and  they  suddenly  start  experiencing  the world 
differently .
[00:41:03.130] - Iain McGilchrist
How  did that  happen ? Just  like that , unless  it was  there  and  ready  to go in the intact  individual . So we
know  that  is the case . But I suppose  I'm less  troubled  by the idea  that  there  might  be two  people  here .
It looks  like that , but  then  it would  only  be like that  if, as it were , we were  sure  that  whatever  it is that  is
my left hemisphere's consciousness  and  my right  hemisphere 's consciousness  were  generated 
straight  out of those  hemispheres .
[00:41:34.400] - Iain McGilchrist
Now , I suspect  that  this  may  be a point  on which  we might  differ , but I'm not convinced  that  the brain 
is merely  a producer  or secretor of  consciousness . So it becomes  possible  to think  of consciousness 
that is a flow  and  that  is transmitted   transduced   by  the brain . So you can  see the brain  as
something  that  is receiving a  stream  of information  to both  hemispheres  simultaneously  and  together
and that  that  is producing  the whole  personal  experience . But what  happens  when  you artificially 
divide  the brain  is that  is rather  like an island  in a stream  where  the stream  has  to go either  side  of the
island  and  then  reconvene  again .
[00:42:20.800] - Iain McGilchrist
And the stories  I've been  telling  about  the coming  together  and  the coming  separately  of the two 
hemispheres  might  be better  thought  of in terms  of such  a metaphor . So really , I'm suggesting .[00:42:35.420] - Iain McGilchrist
I think  it's too extreme  to say that  there  are two  persons  such  as this , Sam  Harris  left and  Sam  Harris 
right . I don't  think  that's  a  I think  that's  too simple .
[00:42:46.070] - Sam Harris
Yeah , no, I wasn't  suggesting  that . I guess  what  I was  suggesting , though , is that  in any picture  other 
than  perfect  information  sharing,  then  you have  to ask yourself  what  is left out and  what  are the
consequences  of its being  left out for subjectivity  in any given  moment . And  however  fluid  you want 
to make  it, anything  less  than  perfect  access  across  the commis sures gives  you this  Venn  diagram  of
conscious  experience , where in the two  circles  don't  completely  overlap  and  become  one .
[00:43:22.010] - Sam Harris
So then  you have  to ask yourself , well , what  is the penumbra  like where  the left doesn't  share  what  the
right  is in fact  experiencing  and  vice  versa ? And...
[00:43:34.742] - Iain McGilchrist
Yes...
[00:43:35.210] - Sam Harris
...again , this  could  be completely  fluid  so that , you know , you could  have  more  global  states  of the
hemispheres  where  there  is a kind  of synchrony , and synchrony  may , in fact , be what  is mediating  the
sharing  of a conscious  percept  or thought  at any given  moment . But again , the the spooky  part  for me
is not not  so much  that  much  of what  the brain  is doing  is unconscious , you know , or outside  the
experience  of the conscious  subject  in any moment .
[00:44:06.800] - Sam Harris
It's the idea  that  some  of what's  outside  your  experience  as a conscious  subject  in this  moment  may 
itself  be conscious . Right . That's  the thing  that  just . Oh, yes. Makes  the hair  stand  up on the back  of
one's  neck  and . Yeah , go ahead .
[00:44:24.770] - Iain McGilchrist
Well , yeah , just  so much  that  you're  you're  commenting  on that . It's so important . I mean , something 
we might  come  to later , because  it comes  back  to the question , why  the two  hemispheres  separate  in
the way  that  they  are,  is that  much  of the traffic , as you describe  it, bringing  information  together 
across  the corpus  callosum  is inhibitory,  and  much  of the effect  of the corpus  callosum  is for one 
hemisphere  to say,  "I'm  dealing  with  this . You  keep  out of it because  that's  just  going  to make  the
matter  confused  and  I'll work  slower ."
[00:45:00.890] - Iain McGilchrist
So even  in a perfectly  functioning  brain  where , as it were , at one  level , the communication  is good ,
some  of the functional  effects  of the communication  is not positive , but negative . It's not  facilitation ,
it's inhibition . But even  more  so. I wanted  to comment  on the question  about  consciousness 
because f, of course , consciousness  can mean  many  different  things . And  in one  sense , we think  that 
consciousness  is what  is in my mind  that  I'm aware  of right  now  and  I'm focusing  on. But  that  is
variously  estimated  to be between  half  a percent  and  five percent  of what's  going  on in one's  brain .
[00:45:43.840] - Iain McGilchrist
In fact , I read  a paper  in which  the the authors  said  that  ninety  nine  point  four  four  percent  of brain 
activity  was  not within  the field  of consciousness , which  is alarmingly  precise . But in any way  it
makes  the point . But the way  I would  see that  is that  there  is also  material  that  can  quite  quickly 
become  conscious . It's just  that  it's not conscious  now, for reasons  of expediency . If we are to
function , we simply  can't  be conscious  of many  things  of which  we have  consciousness  at a different 
level .
[00:46:18.370] - Iain McGilchrist
And that  can  be brought  into  effect  like that  if it's necessary . So the way  I see it is that  one  distinction 
between  the left and  the right  hemisphere , which  we must  come  onto  at some  point , is that  the lefthemisphere  has  very  narrow  beam  attention  that  is highly  clarified  and  precise , but it's only  two  like
three  three  degrees  of the 360  degree  attentional  arc, whereas  the right  hemisphere  sees  a very  broad
picture,  and  that  is quite  different . It's on the lookout . It's vigilant  all the time .
[00:46:53.440] - Iain McGilchrist
So if you think  of the field  of consciousness  as being  a stage  on which  life is going  on, the bit that  is
within  the spotlight  is the bit the left hemisphere  sees . And  that's  a bit we say, oh, I'm conscious  of
that. But when  the spotlight  moves  five minutes  later , you're  no longer  conscious  of what  you were 
conscious  of even  a few  seconds  ago . But it's still within  your  consciousness . It's still possible  for you
to summon  it and  it's still there .
[00:47:25.150] - Iain McGilchrist
It's like the part  of the stage  that's  not illuminated , it hasn't  gone  away . It's just  a bit we're  not any
longer  attending  to in this  very  particular , highly  self-conscious  consciousness . What  would  you say
about  that ?
[00:47:39.400] - Sam Harris
That's  interesting . I think  I would  found  the concept  of consciousness  a little  differently  there  because
so for me, I'm I guy with  I think  consciousness  has  as a concept  is is actually  irreducible , which  is to
say we define  it in circular  terms , you know , it's synonymous  with  experience , greed . You  know , I like
Thomas  Nagel's  framing  that  as something  that  is like to be a system . So if if a bot is conscious ,
that's  simply  saying  that  there's  something  that  it's like to be a bad  if you could  trade  places  with  a
bat, you'd  have  some  qualitative  character  to your  being  in the world .
[00:48:20.290] - Sam Harris
It wouldn't  be synonymous  with  just  having  the lights  go out and  know . So when  talking  about  one's 
own  conscious  experience , I would  differentiate  consciousness  from  a tension , say so I can  be paying
attention  to one  thing , but also  dimly  aware  of the things  that  I'm trying  to exclude  from  my
experience  by focusing  on the one  thing  there's  a kind  of a centre  and  periphery , you know , very  much 
analogous  to what  we experience . Invision , you know , you have  your  fovea  all, you know , InFocus 
vision , and  then  you have  all the stuff  you can  see in the corner  of your  your  eye.
[00:48:54.640] - Sam Harris
Yes. And  so there's  there's  a spotlight  of attention . But then  there's  this  wider  field  of illuminated 
experience  that  has  a qualitative  character . And  at the margins  of this , it's always  possible  to have , as
you say, new  percepts  and  ideas  and  phenomenon  surface  and  be brought  into  direct  awareness . And
they're , you know , as William  James  quite  brilliantly  pointed  out in you now  over  100  years  ago , our
experience  of this , the kind  of liminal  boundary  between  consciousness  and  unconsciousness , has  a
kind  of structure  that  can  be interrogated  if you're  clever .
[00:49:37.570] - Sam Harris
And we've  learned  to do that  scientifically  in all kinds  of ways . But even  just  introspectively , you can 
notice  things  that  one  example  that  James  gave  is that  if you think  about  what  it's like to suffer  the tip
of the tongue  phenomenon , you're  trying  to remember  a word . You're  trying  to remember  somebody's 
name  and  you just  can't  get anything . There's  one  on on the one  hand , we're  talking  about  what  is
absent  from  consciousness . Like  the word  is not there .
[00:50:07.720] - Sam Harris
The name  is not there . There  is a vacancy  which  you're  struggling  to fill. But this  vacancy  has 
structure  because  someone  can  say to you, is the name  Jim  and  you instantly  know  and  this  is not
Jim, you can  exclude  Jim . Jim , because  Jim  is not the name  you're  trying  to think  of, and  yet you don't
know  what  the name  is that  you're  trying  to think  of, you know , they're  fascinating  aspects  to this 
where  take  a phenomenon  like Hammie  neglect , which , you know , we wear  in our leisurely  way .
[00:50:39.940] - Sam Harris
Getting  to is it was  one  of these  these  issues  where , you know , where  you have  in this  case , a right 
hemisphere  lesion , you know , usually  in the parietal  lobe , which  causes  this  phenomenon  of people neglecting  the left half  of the world  and  being  unaware  of their  deficit . Right . So if you tell them  to
draw  a clock  face , they'll  they'll  draw  a circle , but then  they'll  put all the numbers  on the on the right 
side of the clock .
[00:51:08.350] - Sam Harris
If you ask them  to start  writing  on a piece  of paper , they'll  start  writing  down  the just  the right  half  of
the piece  of paper . But this  raises  a kind  of James  Ian conundrum , which  is in order  to systematically 
neglect  the left half  of the world , you need  to know  where  the middle  is right . And  to know  where  the
middle  is. You  do need  to know  where  the left half  of the world  is. I mean , in order  to reliably  start 
writing  on the right  half  of a piece  of paper , part  of you needs  to have  found  the middle  in order  to
jump  over  to the right  side  of things .
[00:51:40.390] - Sam Harris
So the question  is, again , the very  strange  question  from  my point  of view  is not that  some  or most  of
this processing  is happening  subliminally , you know , in the dark , you know , beneath  the light  of
consciousness , it's that  some  of it could  be associated  with  consciousness , that  there  could  be
something  that  it's like to see the left half  of the world  and  then  get the rest  of the person  to ignore  it.
There's  something  that  it's like to know  the word  that  the rest  of you is trying  to think  of and  yet not
provide  it or not be able  to provide  it.
[00:52:17.920] - Sam Harris
And this  just  opens  the door . And  I'm not suggesting  that  in an intact  brain  we have  two  separate 
people  in there . But insofar  as the real  estate  of consciousness  itself  might  not be fully  integrated , it
does  for, say, a very  spooky  picture . And  again , a quasi  Freudian  picture  of a conscious  part  of you
that you, the so-called  conscious  subject , isn't  aware  of in any given  moment . There  are some  there's 
something  that  it's like to be part  of your  mind  that  you, the conscious  person  in this  moment , doesn't 
directly  experience .
[00:52:56.740] - Sam Harris
And that's , again , even  if you're  convinced  that  that  is a a possibility . And  even  if you see the some 
indication  of that  in your  life in moments  of self-deception  or in or in moments  of, you know , dream ,
you might  experience  a dream  where  there  really  seems  like there's  an author  of the dream  that  has 
anticipated  you as the protagonist  of the dream , not knowing  what's  going  on, be like having  a dream 
where  a dream  character  is telling  you a joke  that  has  a punch  line that  surprises  you.
[00:53:31.540] - Sam Harris
I mean , that's  just  an incredible  experience . You  say you're  just  you're  the protagonist  in your  dream .
You meet  a person  who  doesn't  exist  and  you're  obviously  not aware  of that  because  you're  it's it's a
dream  you're  in. It's not a lucid  dream . And  this  person  tells  you a joke  and  you're  waiting  to hear  the
punch  line. And  then  when  the punch  line is delivered , it's actually  funny . And  so how  is it possible  for
part of your  mind  to have  written  on demand  something  that  the other  part  of your  mind  will find 
funny ?
[00:53:59.860] - Sam Harris
All of these  moments , again , suggest  something  very  weird . And  I just  I think  it's it's just  very  hard  for
people  to keep  this  in focus .
[00:54:09.730] - Iain McGilchrist
You raised  so many  things . And  if you can  be patient  or I think  the first....(voice fades as non-
subscibers are excluded from the rest of the podcast)
[00:54:22.710] - Sam Harris
If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  conversation , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network .
Once  you do, you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , along  with 
other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's . In the conversations  I've been 
having  on the Waking  Up app , the Making  says  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener 
support .[00:54:44.520] - Sam Harris
And you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris .org.[00:00:11.020]
Hello , Ricky , how's  it going ? Hey , good , how's  it going ? Yeah , good . So question . Yes . No, I'm ready .
[00:00:21.400]
I'm ready . Ready ? Wait , wait . Let me make  sure  both  feet  are on the floor . I'm ready .
[00:00:26.020]
OK, what  are dreams  for? And  I mean , do they  provide  a sort  of medical  or evolutionary  advantage  or
are they  just  a byproduct  of a living  brain  which  would  be boring ? So what  do they  what  are they  for?
Are they  for anything ?
[00:00:44.210]
I don't  I don't  even  use the the I can't  think  of the correct  terminology  to ask you. That  probably 
sounds  like a dumb  thing . But, you know , I mean , OK, I know  what  fingers  are for our eyes  or for what 
are dreams , for dreams  or for the same  thing  as fingers .
[00:01:00.040]
You're  just  using  them  wrong . You  hit it perfectly . The  question , what  are they  for? Or are they  just  a
byproduct ? You  know , the technical  word  people  use in philosophy . There  is an epiphenomenon .
Yeah . They're  they're  not doing  anything . They're  just  associated  with  something  that's  doing 
something  right . I don't  think  we know  really . I mean , we know  that  certain  good  and  necessary  things 
happen  during  REM  sleep , which  is generally  associated  with  dreaming . That's  not the only  stage  of
sleep  where  we have  dreams .
[00:01:31.870]
But there  seems  to be a several  things  going  on. You  know , at least  there's  a process  of memory 
consolidation  that  happens  during  REM . So we've  REM  sleep  is disrupted  a lot. Your  memory  certainly
suffers . But that's  not that  is it.
[00:01:49.630]
Is it that  so could  you say that  it's the brain  getting  work  done  that  it can't  do when  you're  conscious 
because  it's you're  using  it for other  things  and  it goes  right  is asleep . Let's  do this  stuff . Let's 
stocktake . Let's  put this  this  is it.
[00:02:04.520]
Like in a kid's  toys  away  when  he's  asleep  is I can't  grasp  what  you mean  by how  do they  consolidate 
memories , where  the memories  go. Is it like putting  it away  in a drawer ? You're  have  to use a lot of
metaphor  for me.
[00:02:21.270]
What  I want  to go back  to the distinction  you made  quite  naturally  the beginning , whether  they're  the
dream  experience  itself  is doing  something  or whether  it's just  a byproduct  of the thing  that's  doing 
something  and  that  that  I don't  think  we know  it's either . There's  a remaining  question , why  should 
there  be any experiential  component  to this  memory  consolidation ? It seems  like the brain  should  be
able  to consolidate  memories  in the dark  without  there  being  any experience  of it. It does  most  of
what  it does  in the dark  or certainly  seems  to away , which  is to say that  you're  not conscious  at any
point  of the maintenance  it's doing  or any of the other  things  it's doing .
[00:03:01.840]
So why  we should  have  these  bizarre  experiences  every  night  and  whether  whether  that  is necessary ,
you know , for memory  consolidation  or anything  else , that's  OK. I totally  accept  that .
[00:03:13.120]
I tell if someone  said , listen , this  is this  is sign  ups , jump  in and  pinging  off and  and  there  nations  that 
don't  mean  anything  because  you're  not you're  not engaging  sort  of critical  thinking  because  you're 
asleep . I could  totally  accept  that . But I wonder  why  after , you know , millions  of years  of evolution , the
they  seem  to be so important , no one  doesn't  know . There's  no one  it doesn't  drain . We do it every night . And  also , isn't  there  isn't  there  a certain  degree  of why  is why  of OK.
[00:03:50.470]
Right . This  is why  I think  it might  be pseudoscience  and  nonsense  and  and  anecdotal  evidence  has 
made  me think  there's  a reason  to them , because  I remember  when  I was  them , I was  doing 
chemistry . And  we were  told  that  Cacchioli , when  he was  trying  to work  out the structure  of benzene ,
how  to dream  of a snake , bite  its own  tail, and  he woke  up and  said , it's a ring  right  now . I can  I can 
both  accept  the it might  be giving  you cryptic  clues  because , you know , a lot of things  happen  in your 
brain , the subconscious .
[00:04:23.800]
You know , I could  also  accept  that  that's  nonsense . It made  up. It's a coincidence . He knew  the
answer . He went  to sleep  with  the answer . And  then , you know , I almost  want  to know . I saw  I want  to
know  the magic  and  the science , and  I want  them  to be this . I want  to be the same  thing . Do you what 
I mean .
[00:04:43.630]
Well , most  dreams  are like a bad  television  show  that  just  got greenlit  two  hundred  and  fifty  thousand 
years  ago , and  no one  has  figured  out how  to get it off the air. I mean , there's  they're  not producing 
insights  into  science , right ? It's just  right . It's just  noise . But I think  one  thing  that  dreams  reveal  about 
our minds  is that  it's possible  for us to be pushed  into  new  circumstances . You  know , suddenly , I
mean , you go to bed .
[00:05:11.110]
Having  every  right  to expect  to stay  in your  bed  and  the next  thing  you experience  is something  quite 
different , and  you're  not even  remotely  surprised  by the transition  of your  conscious  mind  to suddenly 
put in relationship  to people  who  aren't  actually  there . You  know , some  people  might  be dead , some 
people  might  be, you know , famous  people  you don't  know . Yeah , so so, you know , I could  have  had  a
dream . I was  talking  to Ricky  Gervais  before  I met  Ricky  Gervais .
[00:05:38.950]
And I wouldn't  be surprised  at all right . Unless  it's a lucid  dream , which  is its own  thing .
[00:05:45.120]
Well , we're  getting  Cartesian  now  because  this  obviously  could  be a dream . This  this  it could  be.
[00:05:50.440]
You know , I've I've had  I've had  this  dream . I've had  a dream  where  I'm where  I'm unaware  that  it's a
dream . And  I'm talking  to dream  characters . And  I'm I'm lecturing  them  on this  very  point . You  realize 
this could  be a dream  right  now ? Yeah .
[00:06:04.720]
And they're  they're  all looking  at me like an idiot , self-aware .
[00:06:08.600]
And, yeah , I often  have  self-awareness  and  dreams , in fact . So if I have  nightmares , I now  I've got to
the point  where  in my dream  I can  say, Jane , Jane , wake  me up, wake  me up. And  I'm and  sometimes 
I think  she said  I have  said  her name  and  obviously  in the dream  now  I'm in the nightmare , but I'm in
bed and  I know  Jane  is trying  to wake  me up. And  it takes  I don't  know  how  long  it takes  in reality .
[00:06:39.850]
It probably  seems  to me like half  the night  until  her like three  seconds . So. Well , that  well , that's  a lucid
dream . That's  the opposite  of what  I was  just  confessing . I've had  a dream  where  I had  no idea  I was 
dreaming . And  I'm I'm lecturing  dream  characters  that  this  could  be a dream . I'm having  a
conversation  of the sort  that  we're  having  right  now , and  they're  looking  at me like I'm a total  moron 
and then  I wake  up.[00:07:03.730]
But this  is one  thing  that  reveals  actually  an example  probably  closer  to your  heart  is have  you ever 
had someone  tell you a joke  in a dream ? Yeah . And  the punch  line actually  works . Right ?
[00:07:16.870]
So I think  I think  so. I think  I've had  dreams  or I've invented  jokes  and  I've woken  up excited  and  I
remember  it and  it's absolute  bollocks . It doesn't  mean  it's not as funny . It's not it doesn't  make  any
sense . And  then  but what  I have  had  that's  worked . I've dreamt  tunes  and  I've gone  down  and  I've
worked  them  out and  they're  pretty  good , right ? So that's  the so that's  because  I think  the reason  is
the tune  is one  thing , but a joke  is a misdirection .
[00:07:52.180]
It's a magic  act and  it plays  with  it plays  with  expectation  and  logic  and  surprise  and  and  I think  the
dreams , if I've got this  right , you they  sort  of they  sort  of take  critical  thinking  out of it. They  take  out
logic . So it's purely  your  emotions  firing  and  practicing  and  just  being  spilt . So that  would  make  sense 
that you wake  up laughing , that  you've  just  invented  the funniest  dream  in the world . But the logic  and 
the critical  thinking  part  of it says , well , it was  actually  bollocks .
[00:08:24.010]
You just  felt the fun. So I get that  here . I have  an embarrassing  example  of that , but I was  going  for
the opposite  of that . But my example  of that , just  to show  you how  insane  one  can  be in the mere 
feeling  without  any anchor  to logic  or kind  of reality  testing , I once  woke  up. Beside  my wife , laughing 
my head  off from  a joke  told  in a dream , and  I turned  her, I said  I just  dreamt  the funniest  joke  and  she,
being  wiser  in the ways  of science , said , it's not going  to be funny .
[00:08:57.320]
I said , no, no, it and  she said , it's not going  to be funny . And  I said , here's  the joke . What  sound  does  a
monster  make ? And  she said  she says , I don't  know , what  sound  does  a monster  make ? And  then  I
drum  on the end  table  the sound  in the dream . It was  something  like this .
[00:09:19.010]
And then  I actually  go one  further  round . I say, no, no, that's  not it. It's. And  then  my psychosis  left it
right , I actually  thought  I thought  I could  deliver  the punch  line a second  time  and  it would  land  and  it
was just  coming  on and  close .
[00:09:35.240]
You were  still close  to your  subconscious  dream  state  where  you were  convinced  that  this  was  so
your  so your  emotional  side  outweighed  your  logic , your  logic  to get back  your  logic  had  to get up and 
rub its eyes  and  put its clothes  on and  go, Sam , that's  that  doesn't  work . And  you go on it doesn't 
work . But I quite  like that  because  that's  like a child's  dream . Yeah . That's  that's  sort  of like a child's 
dream  because  they  knit .
[00:09:59.720]
They've  nearly  got it right . They  it nearly  works . It's got the rhythm  of the joke , but it doesn't  quite  work
on a comedic  level  and  that  is the same  as that . But yeah , that's  interesting .
[00:10:12.020]
But I'm wondering , have  you ever  had  the opposite  experience  where  something  actually  quite  rational
and and  logical  and  fit for export  into  waking  life has  been  communicated  to you in a dream  like the
punch  line actually  works ?
[00:10:26.840]
I can't  remember . I can't  remember . And  I know  I, I can't  remember . Which  is disappointing , isn't  it? I
could  imagine  that  dreams  could  almost  be like a simulator  where  there  were  no distractions , you
close , obviously  your  unconscious , your  brain's  doing  its thing  and  it's taking  you through  scenarios 
almost  that  you could  do when  you're  daydreaming  and  using  logic . But obviously , it's only  on an
emotional  level , which  is still good  if you know  that  you could  be an argument  or there  might  beresearch  done  that  the reason  why  logic's  kept  out of it is because  it can  be stifling  in art that  your 
imagination  is bigger  than  your  your  your  critical  thinking .
[00:11:18.220]
So, you know , it's it's sort  of like it's an infinite  world  emotion , isn't  it? It can  take  you anywhere . It can 
take  you anywhere . You  can  fly, you can  you can  shoot  people . You  can  you can  do anything  that  you
know , you can't  practice  in real  life. So maybe  it's maybe  it's only  preparing  you. It could  be that  it's
only strengthen  you up emotionally  like does  a kid dreams  of their  grandfather  dying  and  then  it's not
quite  as bad  when  it happens .
[00:11:52.900]
Could  that  could  that  could  that  have  any sort  of value  there  that  it strengthens  you emotionally  in the
sense  that  it takes  it takes  your  mind  where  your  body  hasn't  been  yet? You  know , I don't  know . It is so
discontinuous  with  what  tends  to happen  in the waking  state . I mean , that  is if you're  saying 
rainmaker's , insofar  as the waking  state  begins  to resemble  what  you experience  in dreams , it
becomes  pretty  dysfunctional , like, you know , thinking  that  this  is the funniest  joke  you've  ever  heard .
[00:12:24.070]
And it actually  makes  no sense .
[00:12:25.240]
I mean , that  is that  is what's  very  interesting  about  that  is, is that  it shows  that  the comedy  is an
intellectual  pursuit  as opposed  to an emotional  one . And  I've always  thought  that  as soon  as you start
putting  emotion  into  comedy , it fails  on a certain  level , even  down  to the point  that  if you're  saying 
things  that  the audience  don't  agree  with  or don't  like or it's a contentious  thing  or it's a dark  subject ,
they  they  won't  allow  themselves  to like the joke  as much  as if it's just  syntax  or, you know , a pun  or
something  that  works  for everyone  if they  understand  the language , whereas  not Perm's  not puns .
[00:13:06.850]
Spare  me that .
[00:13:07.630]
I'm not I don't  think  puns  are funny , but what  I mean  is it shows  that  you understand  understand  you
have  to understand  the language  and  therefore  you have  to get the joke . So it's quite  a good  a pun  is
quite  a good  vehicle  to to show  that  you've  understood  language . And  also  it shows  the misdirection 
very clearly  a pun . Again , not funny .
[00:13:28.900]
So let's  linger  there  for a second . Why  some  people  obviously  think  puns  are funny . Why  are some 
people  allergic  to puns ? I mean , that  difference  of opinion  comedically . What  do you have  any
thoughts  about  that ?
[00:13:40.300]
Yeah , because  I think  that  once  you've  done  one , you know , you've  you've  seen  them  all really . They're 
the same  thing . It's it's it's almost  like a nod  of the head . I understand  those  two  words  have  different 
meanings . I saw  the misdirection . It was  a surprise . It's a release . There's  no way  that  you could  be
crying  with  laughter  on the floor , a pun  like you could  do with  something  that  you know .
[00:14:07.780]
That's  fascinating , though . Is it too brief  or it's just  to its object  being , I think , language .
[00:14:14.920]
I think  it's superficial  or what ?
[00:14:16.390]
No, I think  on a couple  of levels . I think  really  one  thing  is that  it's only  discovered  it was  always  there .
A pun  was  always  there  because  the dictionary  was  always  there . So with  a pun , it take  someone  tosuddenly  stumble  across  those  two  words  and  put them  into  a sentence . And , you know , it's almost 
like you couldn't  claim  if one  comedian  did a pun  and  another  comedian , it was  a pun  intended  upon  it
couldn't  claim  you can  say, oh, no, you heard  me say that  you'd  go when  I was  in the dictionary , it was 
there .
[00:14:48.250]
It's almost  like it's not so creative . It's more  like a found  object  upon  and  you can  be clever  with  it. And
you know  what ? There  were  some  amazing  punsters , but I still think  it's it's not like it's not as funny  as
someone  falling  over  because  it's not visceral .
[00:15:06.400]
You know , anthropologists  say that  the first  bit of comedy  was  one  caveman  laughing . Another 
caveman  hit his head . Why  empathy . That  man  knew  that  that  hurt  because  he's  done  it and  he knew 
that the other  cavemen  didn't  want  to do it. And  that's  funny . That's  actually  funny , OK, because  we
feel it as well . I've almost  contradicted  myself  saying  it's an intellectual  pursuit  as opposed  to an
emotional  one . That's  interesting . Well , yeah , that  was  I mean , obviously , that's .
[00:15:35.040]
Other  types  of humor , I'm going  to stick  to my initial  premise  that  comedy  is an intellectual  pursuit 
because  I think  my examples  that  are emotional  aren't  comedy , that  they're  hardwired , visceral , they're
funny , but they  couldn't  be called  comedy  because  I think  comedy  is some  sort  of great  framework  to
tickle  your  funny  bone , whereas  having  a sense  of humor , you can  look  at the sky and  smile  that  you
wouldn't  call it comedy .
[00:16:04.380]
But we have  this  phrase  physical  comedy . You  got Charlie  Chaplin  and  you know  everyone  on up from
there . Yeah . Making  us laugh  or often  making  us laugh  by falling  in the right  place .
[00:16:17.190]
But there  are physical  jokes . I think  the difference  if if you're  walking  along  the street  and  someone 
slips  and  it's their  head  and  says  fuckin  out, that's  funny . That's  funny . For the caveman  reason . That's
funny . We empathize . It's not us. Right ? They  didn't  want  to do it. I think  with  someone  like Keaton  and
Chaplin , they  were  built  in jokes . There  are actual  built  in jokes  like someone  bending  down , missing 
the plank , getting  up, tipping  at, seeing  a lady  getting  hit in the plank .
[00:16:46.320]
That's  a that's  a constructed  physical  thing  using  physicality . They're  like we'd  use like words  and 
sentences  and  surprises . And  the joke . I still think  that's  different  to just  seeing  someone  falling  over .
You couldn't  call comedy , but it can  be the funniest  thing .
[00:17:04.210]
Well , it's the mismatch  between , you know , having  a you know , a sick  old person  fall over . That's  not
funny  unless  you're  in a sociopathic  frame  of mind . But having  a person  who's  full of pretension  about
their  own  station  in life all over  it gets  to the funny .
[00:17:24.270]
And that's  and  that's  you know , when  you create  comedy  and  narrative , you know , you do you do allow
that because  you're  almost  pandering  to the audience  that  in fiction  we create  our own  heroes  and 
villains  as role  play  for the soul  so that  villains  get their  comeuppance , heroes  are rewarded  and  you
make  the world  perfect . And  you're  right , pretension  is is the opposite  of heroic . So when  someone's 
smug  and  hits  their  head , that's  funnier  than  the hero  in his head .
[00:17:56.400]
In fact , you could  say the difference  between  comedy  and  drama  is the drama  doesn't  show  people's 
flaws  at all, rather  their  inadequacies . Whereas  comedy , we embrace  them , we accommodate  it best 
says  we're  all idiots , so it's fine . It's almost  a celebration  of being  a loser  comedy . And  as soon  as you
lose  that , you start  getting  into  drama  as soon  as as soon  as these  people  are perfect  or heroic  ordon't  do anything  wrong . That's  not funny .
[00:18:27.990]
Same  as standup . If someone  comes  out and  tells  you how  they  are in the world , how  brilliant  they 
are, how  you know , what  a great  day they've  had  and , you know , they're  unfeasibly  handsome  and  you
go, oh, this  isn't  funny . Just  like someone  showing  you holiday  snaps  of the perfect  holiday . You  want 
to some  you want  someone  to come  out, slap  bang  his head , tell you what  a terrible  day is hard . And 
with  your  with  his blessing , you're  laughing  more  because  you want  to hear  you don't  want  to hear 
perfectionism .
[00:18:59.790]
Funny , it's just  not funny . Floors  are funny . Mistakes  are funny . There's  this  comedian , you might 
know  him  if you're  a bit of an Anglophile  called  Les Dawson . It was  around  in the 60s , 70s , 80s , and 
now  it was  a great  northern  comedian .
[00:19:16.620]
He loved  language . It it was  almost  Alan  Bennett  like. And  it's, you know , it's how  these  these  these 
funny  stories . But he used  to do this  thing  where  he'd  play  the piano  and  he'd  get the wrong  notes , but
he was  very  arrogant  about  it. And  he'd  smile  and  he'd  went  like he was  Liberace . And  it was . It was .
And it was  hilarious . And  I've I've thought  of that  for years . And  and  I almost  used  that  as a metaphor 
for sort  of dark  humor .
[00:19:43.290]
We're  laughing , right ? Because  we're  laughing  at the blind  spot  that  he thinks  is brilliant  and  we know 
he's not right , but we can  only  laugh  if we know  that  tune . If we don't  know  that  tune , we don't  know 
the mistakes . So I think  people  laugh  at the wrong  thing  because  they  know  what  the right  thing  is.
And I've tried  to apply  that  to everything  in comedy , politics , whatever . And  I think  that's  a good 
feeling . Just  like people  when  they  laugh  because  they  get the pun , it's almost  a celebration  of
understanding  and  surprise .
[00:20:18.810]
And I think  that's  interesting . Laughing  at the wrong  thing , because  you know  what  the right  thing  is?
Those  notes  are the bits  we laugh  at when  he hits  the wrong  note . We laugh  at that  wrong  note 
because  it sounds  bad  because  we know  what  the right  thing  is. So and  that  might  be also  there 
might  be an interpersonal  understanding  of what's  right  in music , because  I'm sure  there  are some 
avant  garde  pieces  of music  that  sound  worse  where  they've  explored  in seconds .
[00:20:47.850]
And, you know , it sounds  to the average  person  a monstrosity . But to you know , that  people 
understand  it, what  they  appreciate  it more .
[00:20:55.050]
I make  it a point  to laugh  at those  people . Well , of course , I'll tell you an anecdote  here .
[00:21:00.000]
I was  a college  with  a guy and  he he was  studying  languages  and  he went  to see this  foreign  film . And
apparently  it was  subtitled  by the audience . They  were  all students  watching  this .
[00:21:16.770]
And there  was  one  bit where  a Russian  guy was  talking  to one  of the Russian  guy and  it wasn't 
subtitled .
[00:21:24.360]
And so he he told  a joke  in Russian  and  one  guy who  was  studying  Russian  and  the back  went  just  to
let you know , I don't  think .
[00:21:37.080]Right . That  joke  can't  be that  funny . You're  just  letting  everyone  know  you understood  the joke  in
Russian .
[00:21:42.600]
Right . So there's  that  celebration  as well . And  you're  right  about  the retention  of. But maybe  not.
Maybe , you know , because  I can't  get into  jazz . I've tried .
[00:21:54.720]
But then  there's  gateway  things . Oh, that's  good . I get it. And  slowly , you know , when  I think  all the
things  I love  now  were  an acquired  taste , they  were  challenging . You  know , I didn't  I didn't  like
Radiohead  at first .
[00:22:06.520]
I mean , my favorite  band , you know , you're  now  drinking  Scotch  for breakfast .
[00:22:11.190]
Wow . That's  that's  another  thing . You  can't  just  pure , pure  quiet . Probably  not good  for you. Yeah .
[00:22:17.370]
But, um, so I get it, I understand  it, but I think  you sometimes  have  to work  at stuff  to appreciate  them 
more . Um yeah . And  you know , I suppose  I've been  worried  about  potential  but now  if I believe 
someone . If someone , if someone . I'll give  you another  example . OK, so when  I was  on the dole  do
what  do you say that  I left college  and  I didn't  have  a job and  I had  no money , no welfare  with  welfare 
work , so.
[00:22:48.390]
Yeah , yeah . No money . So what  I used  to do all day is just  run. I used  to run around  London , I thought  I
keep  fit and  I couldn't  afford , you know , to use the subway  or so and  I say to all my money  for a pint  of
beer . So and  I used  to go to art galleries  because  they  were  free . And  I remember  I went  in a one  art
gallery  and  there  was  a a Dali  exhibition  on and  I saw  for the first  time  lobster  telephone  service ,
basically  a telephone  with  a lobster  on as the receiver .
[00:23:22.980]
And I saw  it and  I looked  down  and  it just  said  lobster  telephone .
[00:23:28.470]
And I laughed  because  I just  thought , that's  so funny  and  so primitive  to do it. Didn't  give  a highfalutin 
theory  for and  he called  it lobster  xylophone .
[00:23:39.780]
And I laughed  and  a couple  of people  were  looking  at it, gave  me a dirty  look  as if to go, What  are you
doing  here ? You  you scruffy , you sweaty  bastard . Yeah . You  don't  know  anything . And  it really 
annoyed  me. And  it's not thinking  that  Woody  Allen  film . I wanted  to get Dolly  out and  go, Were  you
joking ? And  you go, Yes , of course  I was  joking . I go say, fuck  off.
[00:24:00.900]
So, you know , I said , I'm very  aware  of pretension , but do you, Dolly ?
[00:24:08.370]
They're  selling  out and  they're  selling  out. At the end  of his life, he would  just  sign  blank  canvases ,
really . They'd  pay him , forget  what  it was , but something  like twenty  thousand  dollars  to just  sign 
away  and  he would  just  sign  endless  numbers  of blank  canvas  for that . People  could  do whatever 
they  wanted  with .
[00:24:25.860]
That's  amazing . I heard  an anecdote  about  Picasso , which  is one  of my favorite  things  ever  about 
getting  good  at something . I guess  towards  the end  he used  to do the same  for for charity  and  peoplewould  queue  up. And  he a little  squiggle , a little  Picasso  squiggle , four  thousand  dollars  or something ,
and and  cued  up a these  squiggly  thing  and  you know , she went , you're  going  to charge  me five
hundred  dollars . That  took  you a few  seconds .
[00:24:55.240]
And he said , No, madam , it took  me all my life. And  I think  that's  so good  people . People  are great  at
something . It doesn't  look  like they're  trying  hard . It doesn't  look  like they're , you know . So I do like
that. And  I do appreciate , you know , that  that  ten thousand  hours  to be genius . But I am in awe  of
things  that  I can't  do. Getting  back  to music , I it's like it's like downloading  emotions  that  I don't 
understand .
[00:25:25.930]
Why  do some  pieces  of music  with  no association , right ? It's not you know , my grandma  didn't  used 
to play  it a chord  can  make  me feel  sick  like I want  to cry and  laugh  at the same  time  because  it's so
beautiful . Now  that  must  be that  must  be some  sort  of hard  wiring  mustn't  it. But why  we weren't 
there  weren't  orchestras  when  we were  Australopithecus  y I just  thought . Yeah , wow .
[00:25:53.950]
Yeah . Well  it's clearly  a kind  of super  stimulus , you know , this  concept  of a super  stimulus . Now ,
someone  who  was  who  was  interacting  with  a a species  of seagull , it was  raising  these  seagull  chicks
and the mother  seagull  had , you know , has  a kind  of a red dot on her beak  to which  the chicks  Oriente 
and bond . Yeah . And  so they  created  a fake  mother  with  it, you know , especially  special  little  red dot.
[00:26:27.750]
Yes. Yeah . And  it was  even  more  effective  than  than  the natural  version . So there's  something  I think 
there  are things  in I actually  think  television  and  film  is a kind  of super  stimulus  for it. And  it's one  of
the reasons  why  we find  it so captivating , because  I can't  remember  if we spoke  about  this  when  we
did a project .
[00:26:50.320]
If it just  makes  I just  think  it makes  you're  there . You  can  see things  you couldn't  possibly  see.
[00:26:55.690]
It's not like a you know , you can't  in a documentary  about  Vikings , you don't  see marauding  Vikings 
with  personality . Whereas  when  you watch , you know , a great  production , it's like you're  seeing  real 
life, even  though  it's fiction , you're  seeing  things  you shouldn't  really  have  seen .
[00:27:15.220]
What  I think  the crucial  thing  is, yeah , you're  seeing  things  you shouldn't  or couldn't  have  seen  in a
condition  where  you're  invisible . Like  I mean , this  is what  you say. Like , I can  look  at your  face , you
know , when  you're  on screen  and  I'm on implicated . Yeah . There's  nothing  you're  going  to do with  your
eyes  that's  going  to expose  me to your  glands . And  so it's this  experience  of just  transcendent 
voyeurism . Yeah . But I also  think  it's less  to be good  because  there  are things  you cannot .
[00:27:43.660]
Otherwise  there  wouldn't  be such  a thing  as a great  film  and  a terrible  film . You  know , and  I know 
that's  subjective , but that's  true  of everyone . You  turn  things  off.
[00:27:52.360]
This  isn't  this  isn't  doing  it for me. Why  am I watching  this ? You  know , so. Yeah , is that  it is that 
experience . And  there's  another  one  on that  one . In the thirties  when  people  saw  a film , they  were 
blown  away . But when  we watch  it now , we go color  those  black  and  white .
[00:28:10.690]
It's a bit flickery  there's  no special  effects .
[00:28:13.100]It's worse  than  what  my dog  I've got a I've got a twelve  year  old daughter  who's  not impressed  by
films  I know  blew  me away  when  I was  15. Rewriter . It's like a bit like she looks  at Star  Wars . I mean ,
she she notices  how  bad  the acting  is in what . I'm sorry .
[00:28:31.380]
I think  you've  I think  you've  hit on some  it with  the participation  because  that's  why  video  games  are
bigger  than  movies , because  you are participating . I think  the people  want  to be part  of every  cause ,
the web  they  can . They  want  a cause . They  want  to cause  the commotion . They  want  to have  an
effect  on the world . So I think  the next  level  is a film  that's  as good  as The  Godfather  where  you're  in
it.
[00:28:55.270]
Yeah , I think  that's  the next  that's  the next  level  you do inside  things  and  those  characters  react  or we
can all become  as stupid  as we are in dreams  and  just  find  everything  just  amazing .
[00:29:09.340]
Oh yeah . Well  that  got back  to. Yeah . So, so basically  you don't  know  the answer . All right . Thanks .
Bye.[00:00:11.020]
Hello , Ricky , how's  it going ? Hey , good , how's  it going ? Yeah , good . So question . Yes . No, I'm ready .
[00:00:21.400]
I'm ready . Ready ? Wait , wait . Let me make  sure  both  feet  are on the floor . I'm ready .
[00:00:26.020]
OK, what  are dreams  for? And  I mean , do they  provide  a sort  of medical  or evolutionary  advantage  or
are they  just  a byproduct  of a living  brain  which  would  be boring ? So what  do they  what  are they  for?
Are they  for anything ?
[00:00:44.210]
I don't  I don't  even  use the the I can't  think  of the correct  terminology  to ask you. That  probably 
sounds  like a dumb  thing . But, you know , I mean , OK, I know  what  fingers  are for our eyes  or for what 
are dreams , for dreams  or for the same  thing  as fingers .
[00:01:00.040]
You're  just  using  them  wrong . You  hit it perfectly . The  question , what  are they  for? Or are they  just  a
byproduct ? You  know , the technical  word  people  use in philosophy . There  is an epiphenomenon .
Yeah . They're  they're  not doing  anything . They're  just  associated  with  something  that's  doing 
something  right . I don't  think  we know  really . I mean , we know  that  certain  good  and  necessary  things 
happen  during  REM  sleep , which  is generally  associated  with  dreaming . That's  not the only  stage  of
sleep  where  we have  dreams .
[00:01:31.870]
But there  seems  to be a several  things  going  on. You  know , at least  there's  a process  of memory 
consolidation  that  happens  during  REM . So we've  REM  sleep  is disrupted  a lot. Your  memory  certainly
suffers . But that's  not that  is it.
[00:01:49.630]
Is it that  so could  you say that  it's the brain  getting  work  done  that  it can't  do when  you're  conscious 
because  it's you're  using  it for other  things  and  it goes  right  is asleep . Let's  do this  stuff . Let's 
stocktake . Let's  put this  this  is it.
[00:02:04.520]
Like in a kid's  toys  away  when  he's  asleep  is I can't  grasp  what  you mean  by how  do they  consolidate 
memories , where  the memories  go. Is it like putting  it away  in a drawer ? You're  have  to use a lot of
metaphor  for me.
[00:02:21.270]
What  I want  to go back  to the distinction  you made  quite  naturally  the beginning , whether  they're  the
dream  experience  itself  is doing  something  or whether  it's just  a byproduct  of the thing  that's  doing 
something  and  that  that  I don't  think  we know  it's either . There's  a remaining  question , why  should 
there  be any experiential  component  to this  memory  consolidation ? It seems  like the brain  should  be
able  to consolidate  memories  in the dark  without  there  being  any experience  of it. It does  most  of
what  it does  in the dark  or certainly  seems  to away , which  is to say that  you're  not conscious  at any
point  of the maintenance  it's doing  or any of the other  things  it's doing .
[00:03:01.840]
So why  we should  have  these  bizarre  experiences  every  night  and  whether  whether  that  is necessary ,
you know , for memory  consolidation  or anything  else , that's  OK. I totally  accept  that .
[00:03:13.120]
I tell if someone  said , listen , this  is this  is sign  ups , jump  in and  pinging  off and  and  there  nations  that 
don't  mean  anything  because  you're  not you're  not engaging  sort  of critical  thinking  because  you're 
asleep . I could  totally  accept  that . But I wonder  why  after , you know , millions  of years  of evolution , the
they  seem  to be so important , no one  doesn't  know . There's  no one  it doesn't  drain . We do it every night . And  also , isn't  there  isn't  there  a certain  degree  of why  is why  of OK.
[00:03:50.470]
Right . This  is why  I think  it might  be pseudoscience  and  nonsense  and  and  anecdotal  evidence  has 
made  me think  there's  a reason  to them , because  I remember  when  I was  them , I was  doing 
chemistry . And  we were  told  that  Cacchioli , when  he was  trying  to work  out the structure  of benzene ,
how  to dream  of a snake , bite  its own  tail, and  he woke  up and  said , it's a ring  right  now . I can  I can 
both  accept  the it might  be giving  you cryptic  clues  because , you know , a lot of things  happen  in your 
brain , the subconscious .
[00:04:23.800]
You know , I could  also  accept  that  that's  nonsense . It made  up. It's a coincidence . He knew  the
answer . He went  to sleep  with  the answer . And  then , you know , I almost  want  to know . I saw  I want  to
know  the magic  and  the science , and  I want  them  to be this . I want  to be the same  thing . Do you what 
I mean .
[00:04:43.630]
Well , most  dreams  are like a bad  television  show  that  just  got greenlit  two  hundred  and  fifty  thousand 
years  ago , and  no one  has  figured  out how  to get it off the air. I mean , there's  they're  not producing 
insights  into  science , right ? It's just  right . It's just  noise . But I think  one  thing  that  dreams  reveal  about 
our minds  is that  it's possible  for us to be pushed  into  new  circumstances . You  know , suddenly , I
mean , you go to bed .
[00:05:11.110]
Having  every  right  to expect  to stay  in your  bed  and  the next  thing  you experience  is something  quite 
different , and  you're  not even  remotely  surprised  by the transition  of your  conscious  mind  to suddenly 
put in relationship  to people  who  aren't  actually  there . You  know , some  people  might  be dead , some 
people  might  be, you know , famous  people  you don't  know . Yeah , so so, you know , I could  have  had  a
dream . I was  talking  to Ricky  Gervais  before  I met  Ricky  Gervais .
[00:05:38.950]
And I wouldn't  be surprised  at all right . Unless  it's a lucid  dream , which  is its own  thing .
[00:05:45.120]
Well , we're  getting  Cartesian  now  because  this  obviously  could  be a dream . This  this  it could  be.
[00:05:50.440]
You know , I've I've had  I've had  this  dream . I've had  a dream  where  I'm where  I'm unaware  that  it's a
dream . And  I'm talking  to dream  characters . And  I'm I'm lecturing  them  on this  very  point . You  realize 
this could  be a dream  right  now ? Yeah .
[00:06:04.720]
And they're  they're  all looking  at me like an idiot , self-aware .
[00:06:08.600]
And, yeah , I often  have  self-awareness  and  dreams , in fact . So if I have  nightmares , I now  I've got to
the point  where  in my dream  I can  say, Jane , Jane , wake  me up, wake  me up. And  I'm and  sometimes 
I think  she said  I have  said  her name  and  obviously  in the dream  now  I'm in the nightmare , but I'm in
bed and  I know  Jane  is trying  to wake  me up. And  it takes  I don't  know  how  long  it takes  in reality .
[00:06:39.850]
It probably  seems  to me like half  the night  until  her like three  seconds . So. Well , that  well , that's  a lucid
dream . That's  the opposite  of what  I was  just  confessing . I've had  a dream  where  I had  no idea  I was 
dreaming . And  I'm I'm lecturing  dream  characters  that  this  could  be a dream . I'm having  a
conversation  of the sort  that  we're  having  right  now , and  they're  looking  at me like I'm a total  moron 
and then  I wake  up.[00:07:03.730]
But this  is one  thing  that  reveals  actually  an example  probably  closer  to your  heart  is have  you ever 
had someone  tell you a joke  in a dream ? Yeah . And  the punch  line actually  works . Right ?
[00:07:16.870]
So I think  I think  so. I think  I've had  dreams  or I've invented  jokes  and  I've woken  up excited  and  I
remember  it and  it's absolute  bollocks . It doesn't  mean  it's not as funny . It's not it doesn't  make  any
sense . And  then  but what  I have  had  that's  worked . I've dreamt  tunes  and  I've gone  down  and  I've
worked  them  out and  they're  pretty  good , right ? So that's  the so that's  because  I think  the reason  is
the tune  is one  thing , but a joke  is a misdirection .
[00:07:52.180]
It's a magic  act and  it plays  with  it plays  with  expectation  and  logic  and  surprise  and  and  I think  the
dreams , if I've got this  right , you they  sort  of they  sort  of take  critical  thinking  out of it. They  take  out
logic . So it's purely  your  emotions  firing  and  practicing  and  just  being  spilt . So that  would  make  sense 
that you wake  up laughing , that  you've  just  invented  the funniest  dream  in the world . But the logic  and 
the critical  thinking  part  of it says , well , it was  actually  bollocks .
[00:08:24.010]
You just  felt the fun. So I get that  here . I have  an embarrassing  example  of that , but I was  going  for
the opposite  of that . But my example  of that , just  to show  you how  insane  one  can  be in the mere 
feeling  without  any anchor  to logic  or kind  of reality  testing , I once  woke  up. Beside  my wife , laughing 
my head  off from  a joke  told  in a dream , and  I turned  her, I said  I just  dreamt  the funniest  joke  and  she,
being  wiser  in the ways  of science , said , it's not going  to be funny .
[00:08:57.320]
I said , no, no, it and  she said , it's not going  to be funny . And  I said , here's  the joke . What  sound  does  a
monster  make ? And  she said  she says , I don't  know , what  sound  does  a monster  make ? And  then  I
drum  on the end  table  the sound  in the dream . It was  something  like this .
[00:09:19.010]
And then  I actually  go one  further  round . I say, no, no, that's  not it. It's. And  then  my psychosis  left it
right , I actually  thought  I thought  I could  deliver  the punch  line a second  time  and  it would  land  and  it
was just  coming  on and  close .
[00:09:35.240]
You were  still close  to your  subconscious  dream  state  where  you were  convinced  that  this  was  so
your  so your  emotional  side  outweighed  your  logic , your  logic  to get back  your  logic  had  to get up and 
rub its eyes  and  put its clothes  on and  go, Sam , that's  that  doesn't  work . And  you go on it doesn't 
work . But I quite  like that  because  that's  like a child's  dream . Yeah . That's  that's  sort  of like a child's 
dream  because  they  knit .
[00:09:59.720]
They've  nearly  got it right . They  it nearly  works . It's got the rhythm  of the joke , but it doesn't  quite  work
on a comedic  level  and  that  is the same  as that . But yeah , that's  interesting .
[00:10:12.020]
But I'm wondering , have  you ever  had  the opposite  experience  where  something  actually  quite  rational
and and  logical  and  fit for export  into  waking  life has  been  communicated  to you in a dream  like the
punch  line actually  works ?
[00:10:26.840]
I can't  remember . I can't  remember . And  I know  I, I can't  remember . Which  is disappointing , isn't  it? I
could  imagine  that  dreams  could  almost  be like a simulator  where  there  were  no distractions , you
close , obviously  your  unconscious , your  brain's  doing  its thing  and  it's taking  you through  scenarios 
almost  that  you could  do when  you're  daydreaming  and  using  logic . But obviously , it's only  on an
emotional  level , which  is still good  if you know  that  you could  be an argument  or there  might  beresearch  done  that  the reason  why  logic's  kept  out of it is because  it can  be stifling  in art that  your 
imagination  is bigger  than  your  your  your  critical  thinking .
[00:11:18.220]
So, you know , it's it's sort  of like it's an infinite  world  emotion , isn't  it? It can  take  you anywhere . It can 
take  you anywhere . You  can  fly, you can  you can  shoot  people . You  can  you can  do anything  that  you
know , you can't  practice  in real  life. So maybe  it's maybe  it's only  preparing  you. It could  be that  it's
only strengthen  you up emotionally  like does  a kid dreams  of their  grandfather  dying  and  then  it's not
quite  as bad  when  it happens .
[00:11:52.900]
Could  that  could  that  could  that  have  any sort  of value  there  that  it strengthens  you emotionally  in the
sense  that  it takes  it takes  your  mind  where  your  body  hasn't  been  yet? You  know , I don't  know . It is so
discontinuous  with  what  tends  to happen  in the waking  state . I mean , that  is if you're  saying 
rainmaker's , insofar  as the waking  state  begins  to resemble  what  you experience  in dreams , it
becomes  pretty  dysfunctional , like, you know , thinking  that  this  is the funniest  joke  you've  ever  heard .
[00:12:24.070]
And it actually  makes  no sense .
[00:12:25.240]
I mean , that  is that  is what's  very  interesting  about  that  is, is that  it shows  that  the comedy  is an
intellectual  pursuit  as opposed  to an emotional  one . And  I've always  thought  that  as soon  as you start
putting  emotion  into  comedy , it fails  on a certain  level , even  down  to the point  that  if you're  saying 
things  that  the audience  don't  agree  with  or don't  like or it's a contentious  thing  or it's a dark  subject ,
they  they  won't  allow  themselves  to like the joke  as much  as if it's just  syntax  or, you know , a pun  or
something  that  works  for everyone  if they  understand  the language , whereas  not Perm's  not puns .
[00:13:06.850]
Spare  me that .
[00:13:07.630]
I'm not I don't  think  puns  are funny , but what  I mean  is it shows  that  you understand  understand  you
have  to understand  the language  and  therefore  you have  to get the joke . So it's quite  a good  a pun  is
quite  a good  vehicle  to to show  that  you've  understood  language . And  also  it shows  the misdirection 
very clearly  a pun . Again , not funny .
[00:13:28.900]
So let's  linger  there  for a second . Why  some  people  obviously  think  puns  are funny . Why  are some 
people  allergic  to puns ? I mean , that  difference  of opinion  comedically . What  do you have  any
thoughts  about  that ?
[00:13:40.300]
Yeah , because  I think  that  once  you've  done  one , you know , you've  you've  seen  them  all really . They're 
the same  thing . It's it's it's almost  like a nod  of the head . I understand  those  two  words  have  different 
meanings . I saw  the misdirection . It was  a surprise . It's a release . There's  no way  that  you could  be
crying  with  laughter  on the floor , a pun  like you could  do with  something  that  you know .
[00:14:07.780]
That's  fascinating , though . Is it too brief  or it's just  to its object  being , I think , language .
[00:14:14.920]
I think  it's superficial  or what ?
[00:14:16.390]
No, I think  on a couple  of levels . I think  really  one  thing  is that  it's only  discovered  it was  always  there .
A pun  was  always  there  because  the dictionary  was  always  there . So with  a pun , it take  someone  tosuddenly  stumble  across  those  two  words  and  put them  into  a sentence . And , you know , it's almost 
like you couldn't  claim  if one  comedian  did a pun  and  another  comedian , it was  a pun  intended  upon  it
couldn't  claim  you can  say, oh, no, you heard  me say that  you'd  go when  I was  in the dictionary , it was 
there .
[00:14:48.250]
It's almost  like it's not so creative . It's more  like a found  object  upon  and  you can  be clever  with  it. And
you know  what ? There  were  some  amazing  punsters , but I still think  it's it's not like it's not as funny  as
someone  falling  over  because  it's not visceral .
[00:15:06.400]
You know , anthropologists  say that  the first  bit of comedy  was  one  caveman  laughing . Another 
caveman  hit his head . Why  empathy . That  man  knew  that  that  hurt  because  he's  done  it and  he knew 
that the other  cavemen  didn't  want  to do it. And  that's  funny . That's  actually  funny , OK, because  we
feel it as well . I've almost  contradicted  myself  saying  it's an intellectual  pursuit  as opposed  to an
emotional  one . That's  interesting . Well , yeah , that  was  I mean , obviously , that's .
[00:15:35.040]
Other  types  of humor , I'm going  to stick  to my initial  premise  that  comedy  is an intellectual  pursuit 
because  I think  my examples  that  are emotional  aren't  comedy , that  they're  hardwired , visceral , they're
funny , but they  couldn't  be called  comedy  because  I think  comedy  is some  sort  of great  framework  to
tickle  your  funny  bone , whereas  having  a sense  of humor , you can  look  at the sky and  smile  that  you
wouldn't  call it comedy .
[00:16:04.380]
But we have  this  phrase  physical  comedy . You  got Charlie  Chaplin  and  you know  everyone  on up from
there . Yeah . Making  us laugh  or often  making  us laugh  by falling  in the right  place .
[00:16:17.190]
But there  are physical  jokes . I think  the difference  if if you're  walking  along  the street  and  someone 
slips  and  it's their  head  and  says  fuckin  out, that's  funny . That's  funny . For the caveman  reason . That's
funny . We empathize . It's not us. Right ? They  didn't  want  to do it. I think  with  someone  like Keaton  and
Chaplin , they  were  built  in jokes . There  are actual  built  in jokes  like someone  bending  down , missing 
the plank , getting  up, tipping  at, seeing  a lady  getting  hit in the plank .
[00:16:46.320]
That's  a that's  a constructed  physical  thing  using  physicality . They're  like we'd  use like words  and 
sentences  and  surprises . And  the joke . I still think  that's  different  to just  seeing  someone  falling  over .
You couldn't  call comedy , but it can  be the funniest  thing .
[00:17:04.210]
Well , it's the mismatch  between , you know , having  a you know , a sick  old person  fall over . That's  not
funny  unless  you're  in a sociopathic  frame  of mind . But having  a person  who's  full of pretension  about
their  own  station  in life all over  it gets  to the funny .
[00:17:24.270]
And that's  and  that's  you know , when  you create  comedy  and  narrative , you know , you do you do allow
that because  you're  almost  pandering  to the audience  that  in fiction  we create  our own  heroes  and 
villains  as role  play  for the soul  so that  villains  get their  comeuppance , heroes  are rewarded  and  you
make  the world  perfect . And  you're  right , pretension  is is the opposite  of heroic . So when  someone's 
smug  and  hits  their  head , that's  funnier  than  the hero  in his head .
[00:17:56.400]
In fact , you could  say the difference  between  comedy  and  drama  is the drama  doesn't  show  people's 
flaws  at all, rather  their  inadequacies . Whereas  comedy , we embrace  them , we accommodate  it best 
says  we're  all idiots , so it's fine . It's almost  a celebration  of being  a loser  comedy . And  as soon  as you
lose  that , you start  getting  into  drama  as soon  as as soon  as these  people  are perfect  or heroic  ordon't  do anything  wrong . That's  not funny .
[00:18:27.990]
Same  as standup . If someone  comes  out and  tells  you how  they  are in the world , how  brilliant  they 
are, how  you know , what  a great  day they've  had  and , you know , they're  unfeasibly  handsome  and  you
go, oh, this  isn't  funny . Just  like someone  showing  you holiday  snaps  of the perfect  holiday . You  want 
to some  you want  someone  to come  out, slap  bang  his head , tell you what  a terrible  day is hard . And 
with  your  with  his blessing , you're  laughing  more  because  you want  to hear  you don't  want  to hear 
perfectionism .
[00:18:59.790]
Funny , it's just  not funny . Floors  are funny . Mistakes  are funny . There's  this  comedian , you might 
know  him  if you're  a bit of an Anglophile  called  Les Dawson . It was  around  in the 60s , 70s , 80s , and 
now  it was  a great  northern  comedian .
[00:19:16.620]
He loved  language . It it was  almost  Alan  Bennett  like. And  it's, you know , it's how  these  these  these 
funny  stories . But he used  to do this  thing  where  he'd  play  the piano  and  he'd  get the wrong  notes , but
he was  very  arrogant  about  it. And  he'd  smile  and  he'd  went  like he was  Liberace . And  it was . It was .
And it was  hilarious . And  I've I've thought  of that  for years . And  and  I almost  used  that  as a metaphor 
for sort  of dark  humor .
[00:19:43.290]
We're  laughing , right ? Because  we're  laughing  at the blind  spot  that  he thinks  is brilliant  and  we know 
he's not right , but we can  only  laugh  if we know  that  tune . If we don't  know  that  tune , we don't  know 
the mistakes . So I think  people  laugh  at the wrong  thing  because  they  know  what  the right  thing  is.
And I've tried  to apply  that  to everything  in comedy , politics , whatever . And  I think  that's  a good 
feeling . Just  like people  when  they  laugh  because  they  get the pun , it's almost  a celebration  of
understanding  and  surprise .
[00:20:18.810]
And I think  that's  interesting . Laughing  at the wrong  thing , because  you know  what  the right  thing  is?
Those  notes  are the bits  we laugh  at when  he hits  the wrong  note . We laugh  at that  wrong  note 
because  it sounds  bad  because  we know  what  the right  thing  is. So and  that  might  be also  there 
might  be an interpersonal  understanding  of what's  right  in music , because  I'm sure  there  are some 
avant  garde  pieces  of music  that  sound  worse  where  they've  explored  in seconds .
[00:20:47.850]
And, you know , it sounds  to the average  person  a monstrosity . But to you know , that  people 
understand  it, what  they  appreciate  it more .
[00:20:55.050]
I make  it a point  to laugh  at those  people . Well , of course , I'll tell you an anecdote  here .
[00:21:00.000]
I was  a college  with  a guy and  he he was  studying  languages  and  he went  to see this  foreign  film . And
apparently  it was  subtitled  by the audience . They  were  all students  watching  this .
[00:21:16.770]
And there  was  one  bit where  a Russian  guy was  talking  to one  of the Russian  guy and  it wasn't 
subtitled .
[00:21:24.360]
And so he he told  a joke  in Russian  and  one  guy who  was  studying  Russian  and  the back  went  just  to
let you know , I don't  think .
[00:21:37.080]Right . That  joke  can't  be that  funny . You're  just  letting  everyone  know  you understood  the joke  in
Russian .
[00:21:42.600]
Right . So there's  that  celebration  as well . And  you're  right  about  the retention  of. But maybe  not.
Maybe , you know , because  I can't  get into  jazz . I've tried .
[00:21:54.720]
But then  there's  gateway  things . Oh, that's  good . I get it. And  slowly , you know , when  I think  all the
things  I love  now  were  an acquired  taste , they  were  challenging . You  know , I didn't  I didn't  like
Radiohead  at first .
[00:22:06.520]
I mean , my favorite  band , you know , you're  now  drinking  Scotch  for breakfast .
[00:22:11.190]
Wow . That's  that's  another  thing . You  can't  just  pure , pure  quiet . Probably  not good  for you. Yeah .
[00:22:17.370]
But, um, so I get it, I understand  it, but I think  you sometimes  have  to work  at stuff  to appreciate  them 
more . Um yeah . And  you know , I suppose  I've been  worried  about  potential  but now  if I believe 
someone . If someone , if someone . I'll give  you another  example . OK, so when  I was  on the dole  do
what  do you say that  I left college  and  I didn't  have  a job and  I had  no money , no welfare  with  welfare 
work , so.
[00:22:48.390]
Yeah , yeah . No money . So what  I used  to do all day is just  run. I used  to run around  London , I thought  I
keep  fit and  I couldn't  afford , you know , to use the subway  or so and  I say to all my money  for a pint  of
beer . So and  I used  to go to art galleries  because  they  were  free . And  I remember  I went  in a one  art
gallery  and  there  was  a a Dali  exhibition  on and  I saw  for the first  time  lobster  telephone  service ,
basically  a telephone  with  a lobster  on as the receiver .
[00:23:22.980]
And I saw  it and  I looked  down  and  it just  said  lobster  telephone .
[00:23:28.470]
And I laughed  because  I just  thought , that's  so funny  and  so primitive  to do it. Didn't  give  a highfalutin 
theory  for and  he called  it lobster  xylophone .
[00:23:39.780]
And I laughed  and  a couple  of people  were  looking  at it, gave  me a dirty  look  as if to go, What  are you
doing  here ? You  you scruffy , you sweaty  bastard . Yeah . You  don't  know  anything . And  it really 
annoyed  me. And  it's not thinking  that  Woody  Allen  film . I wanted  to get Dolly  out and  go, Were  you
joking ? And  you go, Yes , of course  I was  joking . I go say, fuck  off.
[00:24:00.900]
So, you know , I said , I'm very  aware  of pretension , but do you, Dolly ?
[00:24:08.370]
They're  selling  out and  they're  selling  out. At the end  of his life, he would  just  sign  blank  canvases ,
really . They'd  pay him , forget  what  it was , but something  like twenty  thousand  dollars  to just  sign 
away  and  he would  just  sign  endless  numbers  of blank  canvas  for that . People  could  do whatever 
they  wanted  with .
[00:24:25.860]
That's  amazing . I heard  an anecdote  about  Picasso , which  is one  of my favorite  things  ever  about 
getting  good  at something . I guess  towards  the end  he used  to do the same  for for charity  and  peoplewould  queue  up. And  he a little  squiggle , a little  Picasso  squiggle , four  thousand  dollars  or something ,
and and  cued  up a these  squiggly  thing  and  you know , she went , you're  going  to charge  me five
hundred  dollars . That  took  you a few  seconds .
[00:24:55.240]
And he said , No, madam , it took  me all my life. And  I think  that's  so good  people . People  are great  at
something . It doesn't  look  like they're  trying  hard . It doesn't  look  like they're , you know . So I do like
that. And  I do appreciate , you know , that  that  ten thousand  hours  to be genius . But I am in awe  of
things  that  I can't  do. Getting  back  to music , I it's like it's like downloading  emotions  that  I don't 
understand .
[00:25:25.930]
Why  do some  pieces  of music  with  no association , right ? It's not you know , my grandma  didn't  used 
to play  it a chord  can  make  me feel  sick  like I want  to cry and  laugh  at the same  time  because  it's so
beautiful . Now  that  must  be that  must  be some  sort  of hard  wiring  mustn't  it. But why  we weren't 
there  weren't  orchestras  when  we were  Australopithecus  y I just  thought . Yeah , wow .
[00:25:53.950]
Yeah . Well  it's clearly  a kind  of super  stimulus , you know , this  concept  of a super  stimulus . Now ,
someone  who  was  who  was  interacting  with  a a species  of seagull , it was  raising  these  seagull  chicks
and the mother  seagull  had , you know , has  a kind  of a red dot on her beak  to which  the chicks  Oriente 
and bond . Yeah . And  so they  created  a fake  mother  with  it, you know , especially  special  little  red dot.
[00:26:27.750]
Yes. Yeah . And  it was  even  more  effective  than  than  the natural  version . So there's  something  I think 
there  are things  in I actually  think  television  and  film  is a kind  of super  stimulus  for it. And  it's one  of
the reasons  why  we find  it so captivating , because  I can't  remember  if we spoke  about  this  when  we
did a project .
[00:26:50.320]
If it just  makes  I just  think  it makes  you're  there . You  can  see things  you couldn't  possibly  see.
[00:26:55.690]
It's not like a you know , you can't  in a documentary  about  Vikings , you don't  see marauding  Vikings 
with  personality . Whereas  when  you watch , you know , a great  production , it's like you're  seeing  real 
life, even  though  it's fiction , you're  seeing  things  you shouldn't  really  have  seen .
[00:27:15.220]
What  I think  the crucial  thing  is, yeah , you're  seeing  things  you shouldn't  or couldn't  have  seen  in a
condition  where  you're  invisible . Like  I mean , this  is what  you say. Like , I can  look  at your  face , you
know , when  you're  on screen  and  I'm on implicated . Yeah . There's  nothing  you're  going  to do with  your
eyes  that's  going  to expose  me to your  glands . And  so it's this  experience  of just  transcendent 
voyeurism . Yeah . But I also  think  it's less  to be good  because  there  are things  you cannot .
[00:27:43.660]
Otherwise  there  wouldn't  be such  a thing  as a great  film  and  a terrible  film . You  know , and  I know 
that's  subjective , but that's  true  of everyone . You  turn  things  off.
[00:27:52.360]
This  isn't  this  isn't  doing  it for me. Why  am I watching  this ? You  know , so. Yeah , is that  it is that 
experience . And  there's  another  one  on that  one . In the thirties  when  people  saw  a film , they  were 
blown  away . But when  we watch  it now , we go color  those  black  and  white .
[00:28:10.690]
It's a bit flickery  there's  no special  effects .
[00:28:13.100]It's worse  than  what  my dog  I've got a I've got a twelve  year  old daughter  who's  not impressed  by
films  I know  blew  me away  when  I was  15. Rewriter . It's like a bit like she looks  at Star  Wars . I mean ,
she she notices  how  bad  the acting  is in what . I'm sorry .
[00:28:31.380]
I think  you've  I think  you've  hit on some  it with  the participation  because  that's  why  video  games  are
bigger  than  movies , because  you are participating . I think  the people  want  to be part  of every  cause ,
the web  they  can . They  want  a cause . They  want  to cause  the commotion . They  want  to have  an
effect  on the world . So I think  the next  level  is a film  that's  as good  as The  Godfather  where  you're  in
it.
[00:28:55.270]
Yeah , I think  that's  the next  that's  the next  level  you do inside  things  and  those  characters  react  or we
can all become  as stupid  as we are in dreams  and  just  find  everything  just  amazing .
[00:29:09.340]
Oh yeah . Well  that  got back  to. Yeah . So, so basically  you don't  know  the answer . All right . Thanks .
Bye.[00:00:20.610]
I am back  with  Andrew  Yang . Andrew , thanks  for joining  me. Sam , thank  you for having  me. This  is
going  to be like a refuge  of a conversation , I think . Like  I mean , most  people  listen  to you because  you
make  us smarter , wiser , more  enlightened . And  I feel  like I could  use some  of that  energy  as well .
[00:00:41.880]
I hope  to provide , but I'm very  happy  to talk  to you first . But before  we jump  into  all the topics  of
interest , how  are you feeling ? You  can't  covid , right ?
[00:00:51.420]
Yes, I have  covid  and  I was  hoping  for the sympathy  sondes , the suffering . And  it turns  out I got my
share  of the suffering  where  I've had  the flu version . So just  imagine  a very  nasty  flu bug  with  some 
added  wrinkles . But I'm on the mend  and  I should  be out and  about  in the next  number  of days ,
hopefully .
[00:01:16.200]
How  long's  it been ? When  did you first  get symptoms ? I first  got symptoms  last  weekend . So we're 
recording  this  on Wednesday . So it's been  about  ten full days  now . And  the symptoms  started  out
mild . And  I was  hopeful  that  I would  skate  and  just  be holed  up in my room . But then  I've had  about  a
week  of real  fatigue  and  fever  and  flu like experiences . Yeah , well , I guess  all things  considered  still
sounds  lucky , but sorry  to hear  it.
[00:01:53.530]
You know , I had  an oximeter , Sam , I don't  know  if people  know  this , but it's so helpful  just  us to be
able  to take  your  blood  oxygen  level  at any moment , because  when  you're  you're  there , you're  not sure
how  you're  faring  and  then  you just  check  in then . I'm fine . So anyone  listening  to this , if you want  to
be prepared  to set up blocks  that  are make  tool , it's only , I think  20 bucks  or so.
[00:02:17.840]
Yeah , yeah . You  can  get those  on Amazon  or there  was  a time  when  you could  get those  on Amazon . I
assume  they're  they've  been  Mass-produced  at this  point . So, Andrew , you are running  for office  of
mayor  in what  is very  likely  the most  important  city on earth . I love  the idea  of you being  mayor  of
New  York . Let me just  get my biases  on the table . And  it's amazing  to consider  New  York  being  a kind 
of laboratory  to experiment  in how  we reboot  society  at this  point , that  it seems  like so many  things 
are up for review  and  just  how  we function  collectively .
[00:02:57.410]
And the idea  that  someone  with  your  creative  and  modern  take  on things  could  be steering  the fairly 
large  ship  of of New  York  City  is just  it's amazing  to consider . So. So I'm wish  you the best  of luck ,
brother . Well , thank  you, Sam .
[00:03:14.030]
I do think  that  this  is like a continuation  of the arc that , frankly , you helped  launch  in twenty  eighteen 
when  I was  an unlikely  presidential  candidate  and  we made  a really  powerful  case  around  trying  to
advance  and  humanize  the economy  that  I daresay  ended  up becoming  mainstream  popular  wisdom 
where  as we're  having  this  conversation , the last  I checked . Eighty  five percent  of Americans  are for
tax relief  during  the pandemic  and  a majority  are for tax relief  in perpetuity , otherwise  known  as basic 
income .
[00:03:49.730]
And I'm really  eager  to take  principles  that  I fought  for at the national  level  and  apply  them  in New 
York  City  around  fact  based  governance  and  trying  to get bureaucracies  to work  in a more  modern 
and technologically  proficient  fashion . I can't  wait  to roll up my sleeves , get some  incredible  people  on
board  and  try to steer  New  York  City  in a positive  direction . And  this  race  is also  different  from  the
presidential  race  and  that  it's very  I'm the front  runner  in the presidential  race .
[00:04:26.960]So so there's  an enormous  opportunity  here  that  I hope  we take  full advantage  of it.
[00:04:34.010]
So what's  New  York  like now ? I mean , we're  still in the midst  of this  pandemic . I know  you're  probably 
doing  a better  job than  California  in rolling  out the vaccine , but we're  still under  the shadow  of this 
thing . What's  happening ? New  York  City  is badly  wounded . It's been  devastated  by the coronavirus  on
multiple  levels , and  most  of your  listeners  know  me as a numbers  guy. Some  of the numbers  that 
reflect  how  bad  it's been  in New  York  City , over  twenty  seven  thousand  lives  have  been  lost .
[00:05:06.790]
Over  half  a million  have  been  infected . Over  seven  hundred  thousand  jobs  have  been  lost . The 
unemployment  rate  is over  twice  the national  average , in part  because  the city is missing  60 million 
tourists  who  used  to support  over  three  hundred  thousand  jobs . Midtown  Manhattan  commercial 
buildings  are eighty  two  percent  unoccupied . Subway  ridership  is down  70 percent . Violent  crimes  are
rising . Three  hundred  thousand  New  Yorkers  have  left the city in terms  of filing  for change  of address 
forms  and  just  relocated , so there's  just  a lot of pain  and  suffering  right  now .
[00:05:45.480]
Over  ten thousand  small  businesses  and  restaurants  have  closed  and  more  are joining  them  all of the
time . This  is a city that  thrives  based  upon  people  coming  together  in large  numbers  and  people 
visiting  and  people  eating  out every  night . And  a lot of those  things  aren't  happening  right  now . So the
adjustments  have  been  really  painful  for many , many  organizations  and  individuals  and  families  here .
I know  it's been  bad  in California  as well , but I do think  New  York  City  has  a special  dependence  on
people  feeling  like they  can  come  together  in large  numbers .
[00:06:26.400]
Yeah , it seems  to me that  it's really  a perfect  storm  there  with  respect  to specific  variables  of density 
and dependence  on tourism  and  retail  and  office  space  going  on occupied  and  just  the weather  right 
there . Many  places  in the country  where  restaurants  can  start  serving  outdoors  before  they  they  open 
indoors . And , you know , I know  you guys  tried  that , but in the dead  of winter , it doesn't  work  very  well .
Let's  go through  these  topics  somewhat  systematically . I'd like to get your  take  on each  the retail  and 
office  space  problem .
[00:07:04.220]
I mean . Eighty  two  percent  unoccupied . One  thing  that  worries  me is that  there's  the prospect  that  our
our habits  have  changed  enough  under  covid  with  remote  work  in particular , that  it's conceivable  that 
that office  space  will go unoccupied , not because  covid  has  lingered , but because  habits  have 
changed . Is that  you think  that's  possible  or likely ? Or how  do you how  do you view  using  all the space
in New  York  if people's  attitudes  toward  remote  work  have  undergone  a durable  change ?
[00:07:38.880]
I think  we're  in the midst  of a very  significant  cultural  shift . I think  organizations  are going  to change 
how  they  schedule  in-person  meetings  and  having  people  in the office . I do think  that  there  are a
couple  of forces  that  have  cut in different  ways  than  where  right  now  pre covid  there  was  a tendency 
for companies  to pile employees  on top of each  other  in New  York  as well , because  it was  a very 
expensive  office  space . So you'd  say, hey, guess  what , guys  like we're  going  to slam  you into  cubicles 
and bullpen's  and  have  people  in very  close  quarters .
[00:08:13.860]
So I think  there  are going  to be shifts  in both  directions . Believe  that  some  of this  space  will likely 
have  to change  its expressed  purpose , but I do not think  would  be realistic  for everyone  to say, look ,
things  are going  to go back  to the way  they  were  in terms  of people  using  the space  the same  way 
and frankly , in some  cases  paying  the same  premium  that  they  were  paying . There  has  to be very 
significant  adaptation  even  as you're  trying  to accelerate  the comeback .
[00:08:47.390]
We definitely . Need  to vaccinate  everyone  as quickly  as possible  and  then  give  you the confidence that if you come  to the office  building , everyone  there  has  been  either  vaccinated  or tested  negatively 
so that  you feel  100  percent  secure . Those  things  are necessary  preconditions . And  then  even  if you
do those  things  effectively , they  will still be some  changes  that  likely  happened  throughout  many  of
these  organizations  and  their  lease  commitments .
[00:09:15.740]
I think  I'm just  agnostic  as to how  durable  these  these  changes  are. And  in the way  we work  is hard  to
imagine  the same  degree  of business  travel , for instance . We all know  now  that  we know  a Zoome 
call can  actually  fill the bill for what  used  to be a getting  on an airplane  and  spending  two  or three 
days  roundtrip  going  to a meeting . I think  that  has  got to have  been  reset  in some  generational  sense .
But I also  think  there's  you know , as you point  out, there  are forces  that  cut in the other  direction .
[00:09:49.940]
And one  will just  be I think  people  will want  to have  excuses  to get together  as well . I mean , I think  if
we if we can  get covid  truly  behind  us, I think  it will be an amazing  time  to be opening  a restaurant 
because  people  are going  to be desperate  to be in restaurants  and  bars . And  we could  look  at a table 
in a restaurant  in New  York  once  we fully  recover  here . And  I guess  the same  could  be true  of certain 
approaches  to office  space  and  retail .
[00:10:20.610]
I don't  know . I mean , again , so much  shopping  has  moved  online , but you got to think  a reinvention  of
retail  is also  possible  because , you know , most  of us are getting  sick  of living  like somebody  out of a
Dostoyevsky  novel  and  not leaving  our houses . So once  we fully  get out from  under  the shadow  of
covid , how  do you picture  New  York  rebooting  on street  level ?
[00:10:45.890]
Retail  in New  York  is often  geared  towards  some  of the 60 million  tourists . And  I think  that  those 
experiences  will still be very  much  desired  when  if you visit  New  York  City , you want  a memory , you
want  something  that  commemorates  and  documents , documents  or visit , and  people  will want  that 
experience  in some  way . It could  be that  the make  up of the retail  changes , there  have  been  a lot of
very significant  brands  that  invested  in Times  Square  restaurants  and  whatnot , in part  because  they 
they  thought  that  it would  be a worthwhile  branding  expenditure .
[00:11:24.110]
And I think  that's  to New  York  City , because  the thought  is that  you can  reach  people  from  all over  the
country , all over  the world  if you are investing  in, like a Times  Square  restaurant  or something  along 
those  lines . So I do think  that  retail  for tourists  will be a constant . There  are going  to be a lot of
storefronts  that  need  to get new  tenants . Right  now , if you like New  York  City  streets , there  are a lot of
empty  storefronts  and  it's unclear  whether  they're  going  to end  up reopening  on their  own .
[00:11:58.340]
Naturally , that  there  have  been  some  suggestions  around  having  vacancy  taxes  for landlords  to try
and give  them  some  sort  of spur  to make  sure  that  there  is a tenant  to fill that  storefront  because  it's
going  to be an issue  for a while .
[00:12:15.860]
Well , let's  talk  about  crime  and  homelessness , because  these  are obviously  not just  problems  for New
York . Cities  all over  the country  are seeing  a spike  in both  know  the stories  out of San  Francisco  are
testifying  to something  like a free  fall condition  there  with  respect  to quality  of life. Again , with  with 
respect  to both  variables , crime  and  homelessness . Let's  take  homelessness  first . Just  what  is the
reality  of homelessness  now  in New  York  and  what  would  be a response  to it that  could 
fundamentally  change  the picture ?
[00:12:51.980]
Well , the first  thing  you want  to do is try and  keep  the problems  getting  worse , because  there  are
many  New  Yorkers  who  are in position  to potentially  get evicted  if the moratorium  isn't  extended  or if
they  don't  have  legal  representation . It turns  out if you have  legal  representation , the odds  of your staying  in your  apartment  go way , way  up. So one  thing  the city should  be doing  is making  sure  that 
any tenant  who  wants  a lawyer  can  have  one . We should  be trying  to keep  people  in their  homes .
[00:13:19.310]
The city has  had  a program  for a while  around  emergency  assistance . That  makes  perfect  sense 
where  you spend  a little  bit of money  trying  to keep  people  in their  home . It ends  up saving  the city a
lot of money  on homelessness  services . And  the homelessness  problem  is growing  in New  York  City .
Order  of magnitude . You  have  about  fifty  seven  thousand  people  in shelters  right  now  in New  York .
And in some  cases , New  York  is spending  tens  of. Thousands  of dollars  a head  per year  on providing 
shelter  to folks  because  of the over  burdened  shelter  system , in some  cases  even  finding  hotel 
rooms , because  that  that  was  the only  shelter  that  could  be found .
[00:14:04.510]
So. This  is a situation  where  you want  to try and  keep  the problem  getting  worse , number  one , and 
then  number  two , we need  to develop  more  sustainable , affordable  housing , which  has  been  a
constant  problem  in New  York  City  because  no one  actually  has  wanted  affordable  housing  to be
developed  in their  neighborhood . When  the proposal  comes  up, they're  all for it in the political 
abstract . But then  when  it was  like like, how  about  your  district ? Then  people  didn't  like it.
[00:14:31.250]
So one  big opportunity  here , there  are a few  things  one  can  do. One  is we should  be expanding 
something  called  safe  haven  beds , which  are beds  that  are provided  by nonprofits , in some  cases 
religiously  affiliated  nonprofits  that  in many  cases  homeless  people  prefer  to homeless  shelters .
Some  homeless  people  really  do not want  to go to a shelter , but they'll  go to a safe  bet. So any of
those  beds  are worth  their  weight  in gold  and  we should  be trying  to expand  capacity .
[00:14:57.500]
But the other  big move  would  be to quickly  repurpose  some  of these  vacant  hotels  that  are going  out
of business  right  and  left, frankly , right  now  in New  York  City . If you can  imagine  being  a hotel 
operator  right  now , you're  looking  at 90 percent  of your  business  drying  up for at this  point , 10 months
in a row . And  so a lot of hotel  operators  are throwing  in the towel  and  the city should  actually  be
catching  that  towel  and  saying  we'll  take  it off your  hands  and  then  repurpose  some  of those  hotels 
from  ongoing  affordable  housing  for folks  that  actually  in many  ways  ideally  set up for it.
[00:15:33.800]
Already  they  have  the plumbing , the fixtures , the infrastructure . So this  is one  of the only  golden 
opportunities  of the pandemic  age  for the city of New  York . There  are many  of these  hotel  operators 
that actually  at this  point  would  take  a deal  just  to walk  away .
[00:15:52.370]
Interesting , how  do you stop  a hotel  like that  converted  to affordable  housing  from  becoming  a kind 
of circus  of dysfunction , of the sort  that  I imagine  explains  why  homeless  people  often  don't  want  to
go to shelters  because  they're  either  perceived  to be unsafe  or they're  just  many  of the reasons  why 
people  are homeless  are now  concentrated  in a building  right  away , you know , mental  illness  and 
substance  abuse  being  the primary  ones . I mean , obviously , people  become  homeless  for other 
reasons  of the sheer  bad  luck  of economic  emergency  or illness , you know , plus  eviction .
[00:16:32.780]
But there's  so many  people  who  are on the street  or, you know , chronically  on the street  due  to
substance  abuse  or mental  illness . How  could  we make  these  places , places  where  people  can  get
the kinds  of services  they  need  and  have  the result  be something  like a remedy  for the problem  of
homelessness ? Well , no one  would  be to have  a mixture  of types  of residents  and  families  so that  you
could  have  people  who  just  would  be really  thrilled  about  an opportunity  to live in a repurposed  hotel 
alongside  maybe  some  folks  who  are struggling .
[00:17:07.020]
And so you wind  up without  a very  high  density  of folks  who  might  be struggling  with  substance abuse  or other  issues . There's  also  something  called  supportive  housing  where  you actually  have 
some  of those  services  built  in. And  so you could  have  social  workers  or addiction  counselors 
actually  even  staffing  some  of these  centers  so that  there  are some  countermeasures  in place  that 
the goal  would  not, frankly , be to turn  these  hotels  into  shelters  in the way  that  would  be a
concentration  of some  of the issues  that  shelters  right  now  face .
[00:17:43.380]
It would  be so that  there's  a whole  mix  of families  and  people  have  found  that  actually  to be a way  for
folks  who  are struggling  to have  a social  context  and  be in better  position  to improve .
[00:17:56.670]
Right . Right . So what  about  crime  in the city? What's  happening  there ? I mean , there's  a spike  in many 
cities  of 50 percent  or so in the last  10 months .
[00:18:08.550]
It's a bit higher  here , unfortunately , and  also  discouraging  the rates  of resolution , which  is that  the
perpetrator  gets  caught , have  been  going  down . That , to me, is a very  nasty  combination . You  want 
the rates  of resolution  to be going  up or staying  constant , worst  case . So we need  to invest  resources 
in trying  to stem  the rise  and  also  catch  perpetrators . One  of the things  that  I always  have  this 
working  theory  is that  if there  are, let's  say, 10 robberies , that  might  not be 10 robberies , that  could  be
like two  robbers  who  just  are going  around  robbing  multiple  people .
[00:18:50.880]
So when  I see these  rises  and  the fact  that  many  of the crimes  haven't  been  resolved , I think  to
myself , well , there  are some  very  bad  actors  who  are in a position  to strike  again . And  that , to me has 
to be where  you focus  your  resources  is that  that  a relatively  small  number  of people  being 
apprehended  could  end  up being  a significant  factor  in some  of these  raids . I'm going  to tell a dumb 
story . But it was  this . Is this  an experience  I had ?
[00:19:22.260]
I ride  my bike  around  New  York  City  a lot. Not  not a motorbike  like a lot of that  I've got. You're 
campaigning  on a Harley .
[00:19:30.220]
I've added  up of like an 80s  action  hero  to be riding  on a motorcycle . So being  safety  conscious , I
bought  a blinker  to attach  to my to my bike  because  my bike  had  the juice  and  I was  kind  of lazy  and 
decided  to buy a new  one , even  though  there  was  a way  to recharge . And  so I bought  this  liquor  very 
nice, very  shiny , and  I put it on my bike  and  it was  actually  taken  off my bike  within  a park  by bike  and 
locked  it.
[00:20:00.660]
And so my bike  was  locked . So it was  a little  bit difficult  to just  take . But someone  saw  the bike  inside
to take  it off my bike . Like  that  was  the kind  of thing  that  I don't  think  necessarily  would  have 
happened  in another  time  in New  York's  history . I think  right  now  is like a time  when  people  are feeling
kind  of desperate  and  so does  something  as dumb  as like a biker , a on a bike  like that . They  might 
take  it now  when  they  might  not have  before .
[00:20:28.260]
Obviously , the topic  of law and  order  brings  us up against  issues  of social  justice  here  that  that  are
both  understandable  and  I also  think  are deeply  misconstrued  by many  people , you know , on both  the
right  and  the left. But I do think  where , you know , post  George  Floyd . So now  coming  on, I don't  know 
what  that  would  be. Nine  months  or so we're  living  through  a the aftershocks  of a kind  of moral  panic 
around  policing  police  violence , issues  of lingering  racism , notions  of of equality  in this  space  that 
don't  actually  make  sense  when  you're  talking  about  the demographics  of crime , a belief  that  in
particular  the black  community  is overpoliced .
[00:21:20.760]Whereas  if you ask members  of the black  community  living  in the most  crime  ridden  neighborhoods ,
that's  certainly  not their  perception . You  know , arguably , they're  overpoliced  with  respect  to petty 
crime  and  under  police  with  respect  to serious  crime . And  in the starkest  case , you have  the problem 
of murderers  just  going  free , you know , crimes  being  unsolved  and  the worst  kinds  of crimes  being 
unsolved  disproportionately  in certain  neighborhoods  and  yet any seemingly  rash . Approach  to
fighting  this  sort  of crime , you know , directing  cops  preferentially  into  places  where  more  of the crime
happens  can  be spun  as as racist  or, you know , otherwise  optically  horrific  sort  of any time  you want ,
you know , and  people  are so sensitive  to this  that  I think  we're  right  to fear  that  in many  cities .
[00:22:16.280]
I don't  know  if New  York  is an example , but in many  cities , there's  something  like a Ferguson  effect 
that has  happened  here , which  is, you know , you know , we're  cops  kind  of stop  policing  in areas  where
the inconvenient  YouTube  video  leads  to the reputational  destruction  of of the cops  involved  or the
police  force  that's  supposed  to be solving  crime  in these  neighborhoods . So it's a hard  problem  to
solve . And , you know , just  from  a PR point  of view , whatever  is rational  to do in terms  of fighting  crime
and improving  people's  lives .
[00:22:51.200]
And as you know , Michael  Bloomberg  had  his own  adventures  with  stop  and  frisk . How  do you view 
solving  this  problem  or ramming  through  it or ignoring  it? I mean , what  is the approach  to fighting  a
resurgence  in crime  in New  York  in a way  that  actually  fights  it as efficiently  and  as safely  as
possible ? I mean , the NYPD  has  had  a number  of real  issues  that  predated  George  Floyd  in the
summer , there  was  a gentleman  named  Eric  Garner  who  was  publicly  choked  out and  lost  his life.
[00:23:35.260]
And I don't  know  if you remember , this  was  a number  of years  ago , but there  were  NBA  players  like I
can't  breathe  a number  of years  ago  for Eric  Garner . That  was  New  York . The  NYPD  spends  hundreds 
of millions  of dollars  a year  settling  civil  lawsuits  against  it, which  I take  as a very , very . Terrible  data 
point  on so many  levels , one , because  if you can  imagine  the city of New  York  spending  hundreds  of
millions  on anything  like the last  thing  you'd  want  to spend  it on, settling  lawsuits  against  cops  who 
done  something  wrong .
[00:24:14.980]
The second  thing  is that  if you're  losing  a couple  hundred  million  dollars  worth  of lawsuits  a year , that 
probably  means  that  a partner  might  even  be a multiple  of that , because  a lot of times  I'm sure  no
one's  actually  getting  sued  for something  that  they're  doing  wrong . So there  is a genuine  cultural 
problem  where  the NYPD  is concerned  that  I think  it extends  to something  that  all of the officers 
when  I talk  to officers  on the street , some  of them , frankly , seem  like exactly  the kind  of people  that 
you are policing  their  community .
[00:24:55.230]
When  I was  in the Bronx , there  was  a team . It was  like a Latina  woman  in a black  kind  of patrolling .
And it made  you feel  like, OK, these  are people  actually  even . Represent  this  community . There  has  to
be an ability  to focus  on lowering  rates  of violent  crime  and  bringing  up resolution  rates . And 
simultaneously  not encouraging . Hundreds  of millions  of dollars  of. Lawsuits  for civil  rights  abuses  or
having  well  publicized  issues  where  your  officer  did something  that .
[00:25:41.650]
People  would  find  objectionable , and  I do not think  that  it is impossible  to do two  things  at once ,
which  is bring  down  violent  crime  rates  and  try to address  it or form  a culture  that  has  definitely 
demonstrated  some  excesses  and  that  the excesses  have  been  demonstrated  very  recently . You 
know , that  there  is that  there  were  issues  around  NYPD  responding  excessively  to various  protests 
and just  a number  of weeks  or months  ago . So that  it is a complex  issue , but you have  to be able  to
tackle  both  of things  at once .
[00:26:26.470]
And I think  that  go hand  in hand , because  if the public  knew  that  police  were  bringing  down  rates  ofcrime  and  catching  perpetrators  like, I think  public  trust  and  the truth .
[00:26:38.950]
Yeah , I mean , there's  just  so much  confusion  on this  issue  that  it's very  difficult  to sort  out people's 
intuitions  here . You  take  the Eric  Garner  case . The  thing  that  was  so obscenely  wrong  in that  instance 
was that  the cops  were  trying  to enforce  that  law in the first  place . Right . I mean , just  the effort  to
enforce  a don't  sell cigarettes  on the street  law led to an escalating  violence  that  he was  absolutely 
resisting  arrest . I mean , once  you try to arrest  somebody  and  they  say you're  not going  to arrest  me
and they're  going  to physically  resist , well , then  the cops  are all of a sudden  in this  escalating  use of
force  scenario  where  things  can  obviously  go wrong .
[00:27:22.990]
And if somebody  just  reaches  into  into  his pocket  at that  point , you know , then  you have  a cop  having 
to make  a split  second  decision  whether  this  person  is going  for a gun  or a knife  or it's just  it's chaos .
And so you can't  have  idiotic  laws  that  put cops  on this  continuum  where  decisions  are being  made 
about  whether  to effectively  kill someone . And  the war  on drugs  generally  has  put us in this  spot  for
now  decades , where  cops  are executing  no knock  raids  and  sometimes  they  get the wrong  address .
[00:27:54.070]
And you probably  don't  have  this  problem  as much  in New  York  because  I would  imagine  the rate  of
gun ownership  is a legal  gun  ownership  is almost  nonexistent . So there's  not the same  problem  with 
people  with  cops  kicking  in the wrong  door  and  then  get into  a shootout  with  somebody  who  thinks 
he's defending  himself . But it really  does  start  with  having  some  bad  laws  being  enforced  in many 
cases . And  why  can't  we simply  focus  on the problems  that  are that  are totally  uncontroversial , like
violent  crime  and  including  things  like robbery ?
[00:28:31.090]
I mean , that  has  to be at the top of everyone's  list of things  that  need  to be enforced .
[00:28:36.580]
And that  is something  that  I believe  I'm going  to help  effectuate  as mayor  that  we can . Decriminalize 
or frankly , relax  enforcement  around  certain  forms  of recreational  drug  use. I've already  targeted 
opiates  as an example  of something  that  I don't  want  to be prosecuting . I've also  championed 
decriminalizing  sex work  because  to me, like police  should  be dedicating  energies  to more  serious 
crimes  that  actually  can  serve  the public  to a higher  level . And  so you're  exactly  right  that  I mean ,
these  are things  that  we may  be able  to make  happen  in New  York  City  as early  as next  year .
[00:29:21.710]
Yeah , it would  be amazing . Again , it's useful  for people  to consider  how  much  bigger  than  a city New 
York  is, really .
[00:29:30.350]
I mean , it is a lot of the things  I tell people , Sam , all the time  is that  if New  York  metro  area  were  a
country , it would  be the 11th  biggest  economy  in the world  right  after . So the amount  the amount  of
impact  that  we can  have  is really  vast .
[00:29:51.350]
It's important  to get right  because  of the failure  of New  York  for that  very  reason  would  be a very  bad 
sign . Right . I mean , the failure  of New  York  on some  level  is the failure  of civilization . I mean , given 
how  important  it is culturally  and  economically , a proper  renaissance  in New  York  where  we connect 
all these  dots  correctly  and  reboot  as quickly  as possible . That  would  be amazing . And  it would  be
amazing  to generalize  those  lessons  to other  places .
[00:30:20.780]
Where  does  UBI fit in here  now ? People  will be familiar  with . I think  you're  campaigning  for president 
on this  plank . Perhaps  you might  want  to say something  about  it for anyone  who  isn't . But is there  a
scope  for a UBI experiment  in New  York , a universal  basic  income ?[00:30:39.950]
I think  most  of your  listeners  are familiar  with  as. Policy  where  everyone  gets  a certain  amount  of
money  to meet  their  basic  needs . I was  championing  a thousand  dollars  a month  during  the
presidential  campaign , which  now  doesn't  seem  like enough  to give  it to pandemic . I think  people  are
now  advocating  for two  thousand  dollars  a month  for everyone , which  seems  very  reasonable  to me.
New  York  City  is going  to be facing  budgetary  shortfalls  for the foreseeable . So we're  going  to have  to
be very  targeted .
[00:31:13.800]
Proposed  Cassilly  program  to alleviate  extreme  poverty  among  the half  a million  or so New  Yorkers 
who  right  now  are at that  level , and  we can  lift them  up out of extreme  poverty  and  do so in a way  that
I believe . Is going  to end  up saving  the city hundreds  of millions  of dollars  because  of the expenses 
that the city incurs  when  people  end  up in our institutions  in various  ways , whether  those  be shelters 
or other  forms  of safety  net, that  sometimes  people  find  themselves  in worst  case  scenario , you
know , like a prison  or another  institution .
[00:31:58.910]
So this  billion  dollars  in cash  relief , I believe , could  serve  as a template  because  it's going  to be the
biggest  program  of its kind . And  my hope  is that  we can  augment  it with  private  philanthropic 
resources  among  folks  who  are looking  for innovative  ways  to fight  poverty . I also  want  to take  some 
of the money  that  we put into  people's  hands  through  something  called  the NYC  program  and  have  it
be funneled  through  locally  owned  small  businesses  because  of the scale  of the New  York  City 
economy .
[00:32:33.770]
I think  that  there  are ways  that  we can  actually  have  more  of the value  flow  through  the hands  of folks
that we're  also  trying  to help  recover  or in some  cases , stay  open .
[00:32:43.970]
Yeah , what  is the role  for philanthropy  here ? We were  talking  about  a winner  take  all kind  of economy 
before  covid , but covid  has  certainly  accentuated  that  in ways  that  that  I guess  are unsurprising  but
were  probably  unforeseeable  because  no one  was  really  thinking  about  the consequences  of a
pandemic . So, I mean , we've  seen  some  businesses  absolutely  decimated  through  no fault  of their 
own . As we've  mentioned , restaurants , no matter  how  successful  they  were  before  covid  just  got
crushed .
[00:33:17.360]
But there  are people  who  have  made  tens  of billions  of dollars  in individuals  who  have  made  tens  of
billions  of dollars , even  hundreds  of billions  of dollars  in a couple  of cases  over  the last  10 months .
And I'm just  wondering , it just  seems  like, again , New  York  is is a singular  place . I think  you really 
could  make  a pitch  to some  of the wealthiest  people  in our society  who  whether  they  have  roots  in
New  York  or not, to make  a major  philanthropic  push  to do something  amazing  there .
[00:33:51.680]
Yeah , that's  very  much  the vision  and  the plan  where  if you want  to try to address  poverty  in the
biggest  city in the country  and  one  of the most  important  cities  in the world , and  you want  to work 
hand  in hand  with  the city. Then  this  is your  opportunity  and  this  city is going  to put forward  a billion 
dollars , but in my mind  that  should  be just  the beginning  and  you can  easily  imagine  individuals 
stepping  forward  and  saying , I want  to demonstrate  that  poverty  is something  that  we can  defeat  if
we decide  to do so.
[00:34:26.950]
And I have  a number  of other  anti-poverty  plans  that  are related . One  is trying  to get people  high 
speed  Internet . Twenty  nine  percent  of New  York  City  residents  don't  have  high  speed  Internet  right 
now . And  so you can  imagine  some  of them  trying  to have  their  kids  learn  from  home , 12 percent 
don't  have  a bank  account . So they're  subject  to check  cashers , money  lenders  and  pawnshops , whichsometimes  charge  usurious  rates . So there  are different  ways  that  we can .
[00:34:57.470]
Combat  poverty , and  I hope  to make  New  York  City  the proving  grounds  for a lot of these  ideas  you
said  before  saying  that  its comeback  is vital . I don't  have  any illusions  and  that  there  is no guarantee 
that we are coming  back  the way  that  we want  it to. I think  there's  a lot at stake . I believe  that  I can 
help  dramatically  increase  the odds  of coming  back . But one  of the ways  it's going  to come  back  is if
we're  willing  to invest  in innovative  ways  and  programs  that  get people  excited  and  that  we're  able  to
access  resources  that  don't  fall directly  under  city agencies .
[00:35:36.680]
That's  one  reason  why  I'm excited  to run for mayor , is I want  to present  a vision  of New  York  City  that 
different  types  of people  will get excited  about . That , frankly , would  not ever  set foot  in city hall.
[00:35:50.870]
Yeah , innovation  is really  in your  DNA . So it's great  to think  about  taking  a a non-standard  approach  to
so many  things  here  and  nonstandard  in a way  that's  not the mere  wrecking  ball of, you know , being  a
Trumpy , an outsider . We've  tried  that  on a national  scale , but non-standard  in not being  captured  by all
of the kind  of the legacy  code  that  is making  it impossible  to innovate , to have  a truly  fact  based  and 
well informed  discussion  about  how  we move  forward  on all these  fronts .
[00:36:28.910]
I think  you're  the guy to do that .
[00:36:30.320]
And yeah , so once  the election  is the end  of June , this  is the primary , June  22nd , as is the Democratic 
primary , which  is essentially  the whole  kit and  caboodle , given  that  it is New  York  City  and  we are in
great  position  to win, but we could  certainly  use people's  support . This  is a very  fast  race , the sprint ,
and we need  to raise  as much  money  as possible  by the March  11th  filing  deadline , which  is what 
we're  going  to file our first  fundraising .
[00:36:58.880]
So if anyone  wants  to support , you can  go to Andrew  Young  dot com , which  will direct  you to the
campaign  website . Any  contribution  would  be enormously  helpful . We're  in a very  fast  fight  for the
future  of New  York  City . And  I got to say that  any time  I'm on your  podcast  and  it doesn't  mean  that 
many  times , but it does  feel  like another  another  benchmark , another  chapter . It's like I feel  like I'm
this political  figure  that  you helped  cultivating  create  and  I'm still fighting .
[00:37:35.940]
You know , it's like the vision  is still very  similar , even  if the context  is changing  from  the White  House 
to, in this  case , Gracie  Mansion  in New  York  City .
[00:37:48.660]
I certainly  hope  that  when  you become  mayor  of New  York  that  you take  advantage  of the national 
spotlight  there , because , again , the success  of New  York  is really  is a unique  moment . We have  been 
reset  so fundamentally  as a society  and  are just  grappling  with  what  that  means . And , you know , New 
York  is the the fulcrum  of our swing  into  a full recovery  or into  the failure  of that . Right . It's just , you
know , I'm old enough  to remember  that  it was  possible  to have  in New  York  that  was  really  screwed 
up, I mean , back  in the 70s  and  80s .
[00:38:28.100]
And I forget  what  year  New  York  really  turned  around  with  respect  to violent  crime . And  it just  kind  of
infrastructure  sanity . I mean , just  like picking  up the trash . But there  were  years  there  where  New  York
really  had  just  fallen  off a cliff . And , you know , you have  these  bad  movies , you know , the O.J.  Charles 
Bronson  movies  being  inspired  by how  grim  urban  life had  become  there . So it's possible  to screw  up.
And there's  no question  this  is an inflection  point .[00:38:59.900]
So we need  smart  people  like yourself  to figure  out how  to reboot  from  here . And  so I wish  you the
best  of luck  and  I hope  people  will support  your  campaign  immediately . I just  before  we close ,
Andrew , I want  to ask you a couple  of big picture  national  global  questions  just  to get your  take ,
because  I went  out on Twitter  and  asked  for questions  and  and  we got a long  list, but there  were 
many  on the point  of just  what  you think  we should  do with  respect  to big tech  now .
[00:39:31.040]
And how  do you view  regulating  big tech  in our public  conversation  and  all the all the anguish  we've 
experienced  pro and  con  on that  topic ?
[00:39:39.590]
I think  that  we need  to regulate  tech  much  more  intelligently . And  I've been  very  frustrated  that  a lot of
politicians  have  just  gotten  accustomed  to grandstanding  and  trying  to score  points  for. News , while 
the essential  issues  remain  completely  unaddressed , the insanity  of having  at this  point  a near  trillion 
dollar  industry  being  regulated  by Section  two  30 of the Telecommunications  Decency  Act that  was 
written  in nineteen  ninety  six before  Facebook  even  got started . And  then  in D.C. , they're  still looking 
at it like fighting  over  what  it means .
[00:40:27.510]
And it's like no one  could  possibly  have  known  what  the Internet  was  going  to look  like in nineteen 
ninety  six and  it's twenty  five years  later  instead  of. Yelling  at tech  companies  for not doing 
something  you like or don't  like, try and  come  up with  a genuine  regulatory  framework  that  balances 
what  you think  the public's  interests  are. One  aspect  of that  should  be trying  to respect  our data  rights
as human  beings , because  right  now  our data  is being  sold  and  resold  for hundreds  of billions  of
dollars  a year .
[00:41:00.960]
And that  cost  is not just  economic , it's actually  in human  agency . It's in public  trust . We're  getting 
packetized  ourselves  and  sold  to various  advertisers  in ways  that  also  undermine  the public  good .
And our government  has  been  completely  absent  on this . I think  California's  privacy  laws  are some  of
the best  in the country  that  the newest . Rule  is for there  to actually  be a dedicated  privacy  protection 
agency  in California , it's almost  like some  kind  of data  cops . It makes  me very  happy .
[00:41:40.350]
I hope  they  get a really  cool  uniform  and  sigil . But other  states  should  be following  suit  and  the feds 
should  be following  suit . California  actually  is ahead  of the curve  on this . And  what  about  with  respect
to our politics ? How  do you think  we could  improve  a system  that  is now ? It's hard  to characterize 
how  ramshackle  it appears . First  of all, the fact  that  we can't  seem  to hold  an election  that  the country
can trust  the outcome  of how  do we even  approach  a national  conversation  about  improving  our
politics  and  the actual  the infrastructure  that  allows  us to deliver  political  results  going  forward ?
[00:42:22.770]
Sam , I'm so glad  you asked  this , because  I actually  worked  on a book  that's  on this  topic  that's  going 
to come  out in the late  summer  night . But I'll send  you the manuscript  because  it's that  on my line. But
I'll let your  listeners  know  what  one  of the key takeaways  is, which  is ranked  choice  voting , we need  to
get rank  choice  voting  adopted  around  the country  because  it will help  reduce  polarization . It will free 
legislators  up from  the fear  of being  primaried , which  right  now  is guiding  some  very  extreme 
decisions .
[00:42:58.600]
Right  now , over  80 percent  of elections  are predetermined  in terms  of whether  it's going  to be
Democratic  or Republican . And  so most  voters  don't  actually  have  a genuine  choice  in their 
representation . If you have  rank  choice  voting , it decreases  negative  campaigning .
[00:43:16.870]
It gets  rid of the spoiler  effect  so no one  can  be accused  of wasting  your  vote  and  maybe  explain  howthe rank  choice  voting  works , because  I think  many  people  won't  be familiar  with  the logic  of it.
[00:43:28.540]
Oh, yeah , I'm sorry  I got so excited  here . You  know , New  York's  mayoral  races  rank  choice , voting  for
the first  updo . So this  is very  relevant . But the way  rank  choice  voting  works  is that  the winner  has  to
get over  50 percent  of people's  votes , which  use that  as a starting  point . And  the second  thing  is that 
you can  rank  more  than  one  candidate  as someone  that  you'd  like to see win. So use the mayoral  race
as an example .
[00:43:57.400]
Let's  say there  are seven  candidates . You  can  rank  me first  and  then  Scott  Stringer  second  and  then 
my third . And  then  what  happens  is when  they  count  all of our votes , if no one  gets  up to fifty  point 
one percent  at the top line, then  they  get rid of the bottommost  candidate  and  then  they  reassign  that 
candidate's  votes  based  upon  that  person's  second  choice  or that  candidate's  second  choice  votes .
So then  that  person's  votes  get reassigned  and  you repeat  the process  over  and  over  again  until 
someone  gets  past  fifty  point  one  percent .
[00:44:40.180]
So in this  way , you can  actually  vote  for whoever  you want  as your  first  choice  and  have  no fear  that 
it's somehow  going  to result  in someone  you detest  winning  because  you can  just  rank  your  second 
choice  person . And  then  if your  person  ends  up being  one  of the bottom  performers , your  votes  just 
flow  through  to your  second  choice . Right ? Right .
[00:44:59.890]
Which  is a huge  deal  because  the the Ralph  Nader  effect  is a problem . And  to be able  to completely 
circumvent  that  issue  of there  being  a spoiler  and  a wasted  vote  would  change  a lot if nothing  else 
changed .
[00:45:18.250]
And here's  the wild  thing , Sam , is that  in twenty  five states  around  the country , you can  actually 
activate  a referendum  for twice  voting  simply  through  a ballot  initiative  that  requires  a number  of
signatures . And  in some  states , it's actually  a relatively  modest  number  of signatures . Two  states 
have  already  adopted  rank  choice  voting  and  open  primaries . And  those  two  states  are made  in
Alaska . But there  are other  twenty  three  states  that  have  ballot  initiatives  where  all it takes  is some 
animated  citizens  and  a bunch  of signatures  and  you could  actually  transform  democracy  for the
better .
[00:45:55.540]
It's very  exciting  that  this  to me is something  that  has  enormous  potential  to decrease  the
polarization  that  is making  us less  and  less  functional . Well , Andrew , I will let you go.
[00:46:07.180]
I wish  you a swift  recovery  from  covid  and  a thoroughly  successful  campaign . And  I look  forward  to
on the other  side  of a vaccine  being  in a crowded  restaurant  with  you when  you were  mayor  of the city
of New  York . It's a date .
[00:46:23.650]
I will host  you. We will go to whatever  show  that  you had  a hankering  to see. We'll  have  the best 
cuisine  in the world  and  then  we'll  have  the after  dinner  drink  at Gracie  Mansion  to celebrate  the
renaissance  of New  York  City  like that . This  is a beautiful  vision , Sam , and  I'm definitely  going  to fight 
for it. Wouldn't  that  be something ? Well , yes, I will get it. Thank  you so much , Sam .[00:00:12.060]
Hey, Ricky , hi, quick  one . I've been  thinking  about  your  your  dream , your  joke  in your  dream . And  as we
comedians  say, I think  it deserves  more .
[00:00:25.110]
Well , a little  bit more . Yeah . Yeah . No, I actually  make  it funny .
[00:00:30.090]
Yeah . Is it is it is. Sometimes  it's funny  for the wrong  reasons  and  on the level . Well  first  of all it's
funny  that  you told  me, it's funny  that  you that  I said  I had  the to that  and  I was  underwhelmed . And 
it's like you've  been  through  that  once  because  the funniest  thing  of course  is an eminent  thinker 
waking  their  partner  up and  going  off just  dreamt  a great  joke . But it just  that's  funny  already .
[00:00:57.720]
All right , listen , you had  Monica  laughing  at the phrase  eminent  thinker . Yeah , well , right .
[00:01:04.380]
But so. So it's so it's good . This  is what  I want  to talk  about . So it sounds  like a joke . It sounds  like a
child's  joke , even  the premise . What  noise  does  a monster  make  right  now ? That's  it. That's  a simple 
you think  it's going  to be a pun . Some  sort  of plan  was  what  noise ? The  mother . But it's better  than 
that because  there's  even  a play  on there  in your  in your  joke  because  we think  it means  a noise .
[00:01:30.810]
A monster  consciously  makes  a roar  or a grrr. But no, it's the it's the involuntary  sound  it makes 
because  it's big and  it's heavy  and  it can't  help  that  noise . It doesn't  want  to make  that  noise . So that's
funny . Already  we even  posed  this  as this  monster  making  this  noise . But it's just  because  he's  big
and heavy . Right .
[00:01:51.780]
So that's  that's  funny , right ? Because  of course . But and  you and  the other  thing  is you've  learned  that 
noise  from  cartoons  and  theater  productions  because  a monster  doesn't  make  that  noise . You've 
learned  not from  cartoons  and  theater  productions . OK, and  here's  what's  the funny  bit for me is that  I
think  you think  that's  funny  in your  subconscious  sort  of dreamy  state , because  I think  you invented 
that. I think  you think  you invented  that  noise . A monster  mix , even  though  you've  learned  it from 
cartoons .
[00:02:28.290]
And that's  why  I think  you think  it's so funny , because  I think  subconsciously  you think , well , that's  a
great  play . That's  a great  play  on what  sound  is. Oh, it's this  one . And  you think  you invented  that ? I
don't  know . There's  some  there's  something  there  that  you were  excited  about , the cleverness  of it. I
don't  know .
[00:02:48.360]
Maybe  I'm very  flattered  that  you've  done  an autopsy  on my psychosis , but I would  describe  it to just 
the frank  psychosis  of the dream  state , literally . That  was  one  of the funniest  things  I had  ever  heard ,
of course .
[00:03:00.990]
And you can't  help  it because  you just  as we said  last  time , use your  brain , just  cut to the emotion  of
having  thought  of the funniest  joke  in the world  without  the workings  out. You  haven't  gone  through 
that process . You  just  got to. And  Jane  reminded  me of one  that  she had  thirty  years  ago . She  woke 
up laughing  and  she said , I just  dreamt  I told  the funniest  joke  and  she was  already  out of it and  knew 
it wasn't  funny .
[00:03:26.190]
But her trying  to tell me the funniest  joke  in the world  because  she knew  how  awful  it was , really  made
me laugh  as well . And  the joke . And  again , it nearly  works . The  joke  was  in her dream , that  was  thefunniest  joke  in the world . The  joke  was , if there's  two  things  in a pot of ivy that  both  leaves  now , that 
that really  does  almost  work .
[00:03:49.470]
Yeah , it almost  worked  because  much  better  than  my joke  is, it's almost  a diss  on the Ivy. That's  all it's
got. If you ask me why , if he's  got it, he's  got two  things .
[00:04:00.150]
It's to some  more  Ivy. Oh dear .
[00:04:06.570]
So yeah , that's  what  I've been  that's  what  I've been  thinking  about .
[00:04:09.870]
What  can't  you joke  about ? Because  you go you go hard . I'm surprised . You  know , occasionally  I recall
how  edgy  you are in certain  context . I mean , like your  Golden  Globes  stuff  is just  just  murder . You're 
murdering  people  in the room  and . Yeah , but have  you course  corrected  in recent  years ? One  of the
things  that  you did a few  years  ago ?
[00:04:34.320]
I sense  the things  I have . I have  a set of rules  and  and  that's  depending  on the forum  as well . I
wouldn't  do a kids  party  and  talk  about  the things  I talk  about , like, you know , in fact , I feel 
uncomfortable , like if I'm doing  something , I try and  make  it 16 and  over  so I can  relax . I'm not I'm not
corrupting  the youth  and  I play  by the rules  of TV in the Golden  Globes  is a very  good  example .
[00:05:05.070]
If you think  about  it. That  was  network  television , a peak  time , five PM that  went  out across  America . I
didn't  break  any broadcast  rules , so it couldn't  have  been  that  bad . How  could  you get away  with 
Dame  Judi  Dench  licking  her?
[00:05:19.430]
I forget  the right  word , but there's  a binge .
[00:05:21.520]
OK, that's  a really  interesting  one . So what  happens  is I think  usually  I was  told  by the production  team
at the Golden  Globes  they'd  like me doing  it because  I'm easy . I turn  up with  a scrap  of paper  with  20
jokes  on it. And  I said , usually  presenters  have  like a team  of 20 writers  for like six weeks  before  and 
after  that , they're  worried  about  it and  they  keep  changing  it and  things  happen . And  I turn  up and  go,
I'm doing  these  things .
[00:05:46.780]
All right . But what  you have  to do is the day before  it has  to be lawyered . And  what  do you call it? We
call it taste  and  decency . You  call it something  else . Standard  and  practices .
[00:05:59.260]
Yes, exactly . And  what  that  usually  means  is that  you can't  do gross  things  that  people  might  find 
offensive  language  libel . I don't  want  to libel  anyone  anyway . I think  I think  I can  work  around  the
language  then  if you can't . And  there's  probably  something  missing , although  we talk  about  that  as
well. I want  to I want  to address  the people , the site . Anyone  can  get a laugh , swearing . I want  to go.
Right . OK, if sell the tickets , go out, go out on when  train .
[00:06:27.190]
And just  where  it's funny  is my and  usually  it's I've done  it when  there's  one  person , one  lawyer  just 
looks  down .
[00:06:34.510]
Yeah  that's  right . That's  right . That's  right . This  time  I don't  know  why , I don't  know  whether  it was  areflection  of the time  had  they  had  a dream  team  of lawyers .
[00:06:43.370]
Oh there  was  17 people , 17 people  in the room . But it was  it was  exact . Some  of the writers  want  to
come  down  just  to see what  I'd done  will be, you know , you would  scared  the shit  out of them  from 
previous  years .
[00:06:55.060]
Right . This  is your  third  year  running  or something .
[00:06:57.940]
Yeah , for fifth  year , it was  the fifth  year  running  over  a ten year  period . So I think  some  of them  were 
so excited  at the prospect  because  it usually  always  gets  quite  a reaction . And  there  were  the people 
who  write  the other  stuff , because  there's  a part  for me, there's  people  who  write  all the other  intros , if
you know  what  I mean . So there  was  those  guys  there . That  was  the exact  producers , producers  and 
lots of lots  of lawyers .
[00:07:26.850]
And I mean , there's  about  15 people  in the room  and  it's so tough  crowd . So I did my monologue . I did
exactly  as it went  out.
[00:07:37.500]
So you actually  you perform  for that  room  full of lawyers ? Yeah .
[00:07:41.670]
I mean , I'm not I'm I'm not given  everything , but yeah , I do it. I read  the jokes  as well  as I can . So they 
get them  that  there's  there's  a there's  a there's  a mild  performance . But that's  the other  thing  about 
the Golden  Globes . Unlike  my standup  and  obviously  the narrative  stuff  I do, it's much  more  about  the
guy and  they  have  to work . I haven't  got time  to work  in over  six weeks  that  I can't  it's it's more  like a
piece  of poetry .
[00:08:10.080]
It's more  like, you know , a formula . It's got to be fast  and  I'll be set up punchline  laugh . Otherwise , it's
it's too it's too nebulous . It won't  get the laughs  that  you do when , when  you've  got a workout  routine .
So you want  20 zingers . And  even  then  I still try and  do a little  bit of it. Now  if I still try and  you know 
how  I get my jokes  for that . Oh I've done  two  about  him .
[00:08:36.420]
That's  not fair. Or that  looks  like I've got something  against  that  person  because  I have  three  jokes 
about  someone . You  go, what's  the best  one ? So you try and  keep  it fair. I try and  make  it about  the
people  in the room  and  that's  when  I try and  make  it like it couldn't  be in any other  place , any other 
time  in any other  room . I try and  do the classic  court  jester  of of punching  up. I have  a go against  the
broadcast  of the Hollywood  Foreign  Press  and  the richest , most  powerful  people  in in the room .
[00:09:08.310]
I mean , the place  where  you really  just  eviscerated  the whole  room . And  one  person  in particular  was 
the the the when  you went  after  Tim  Cook  and  Apple  for running  sweatshops  and , you know , they 
obviously  cut the Tim  Cook  just  sitting  there  at a banquet  table . And  then  you pivoted  to telling 
everyone  in the room  that  they  had  known  they  were  in no way  entitled  to be sanctimonious , because 
if ISIS  created  a streaming  service , well , they  would  call their  agent  immediately .
[00:09:38.280]
I did that  on purpose  because  that  was  the sort  of theme  of the year . I thought  it was  quite  Zygi  state 
that it felt right  that  people  had  had  enough  of Hollywood  and , you know , and  and  being  lectured  to
and I even  think  I think  we've  talked  about  this  before , that  I even  think  Trump  getting  in was  was 
almost  a protest  vote  against  that  authoritarian  liberalism  for the last  ten years . So I sort  of
addressed  that  without  again , without  taking  a side .[00:10:06.210]
I don't  think  I took  a side .
[00:10:07.650]
But for instance , your  your  slamming  Tim  Cook , there  was  was  that  actually  a lawyered  line? They 
knew  you were  going  to do that .
[00:10:14.370]
Yeah , but don't  forget , I, I, I don't  think  I mentioned  his name . I don't  think  I knew  he was  going  to be
there  and  I certainly  didn't  know  I was  going  to cut to him . So they  made  it. Oh, I don't  know  who 
they're  going  to cut to. I don't  know . I don't  I don't  plan  that . But no, the joke  was  real . Yeah . So the I
thought  the funny  joke  was , this  is a lovely  program .
[00:10:34.890]
And you know  what ? I don't  even  know  that  that's  true . I don't  know  that  it is up itself  or pretentious  or
anything . I've heard  great  things  about  it. The  joke  being  that  I decided  to try and  put in a list to make 
my case , to make  the joke  funnier . And  of course , I went  off to the biggest  corporations . I've got
nothing  against  those  corporations . I did check  the facts  and  the lawyer  said , yeah , that's  fine .
[00:11:03.570]
They  they  quickly  they  quickly  Google  it and  say if we got a case , it but there's  no malice . I haven't  I
haven't  really  got anything  against  anyone  in the room , you know . I mean , it's all for the joke . If the
joke was  better  the other  way  round , I would  have  done  it the other  way  round .
[00:11:18.870]
You know , this  this , this , this  myth  that  every  joke  is a window  to the comedians . True . So I'll change 
that. I'll flip it. I'll pretend  to be left wing . Right  wing . No. When  I'll pretend  to be anything  to make  that 
joke, I'll just  I'll decide . I'll I through  I should  take  the other  side .
[00:11:36.870]
No, because  it was  a joke  but I do think  you were  landing  a deadly  earnest  blow  against  at least  Apple 
there . I mean  that  you because  we were  aware  that  they , you know , they're  they're  outsourcing  the
production  of iPhones  to Foxconn . And  you've  got you literally  have  people  jumping  to their  deaths 
from  the rooftops  of those  factories  because  their  lives  are so intolerable . I mean , that  that  story  had 
been  in the news . And  I mean , you could  read  a more  recent  vein , make  the point  that  Apple  is evading
taxes  by basically  running  its.
[00:12:08.870]
Trillion  dollar  business  through  a post  office  box  in Ireland , right ? It's just  it's incredible , right ? But I'm
sort of saying  to people , I'm not your  man . If you think  that  I'm if I'm if you think  I'm shy. Guevarra  of
the of the capitalist  modern  world , you're  wrong . They  would  they  were  jokes  and  my private  life might
happen  to align  with  the jokes . And  of course , you want  to be on the right  side  unless  unless  you're 
saying  the wrong  thing  for a funny  reason .
[00:12:42.010]
You know , as I say, a lot of my standup , I play  the right  wing  bigot  for comic  effect . You  know , irony  is
a lovely  is a lovely  tool  to deliver  the right  message . That  sounds  like the wrong  message . So you
have  to really  look  at look  at the joke  and  look  deep . And  but in general , I'm not I'm not this  social 
justice  warrior  for either  side  is how  good  is that  joke ? And  of course , the more  truth  there  is to it, the
more  awkward  it is.
[00:13:13.870]
Or, you know , it wouldn't  be fair if it wasn't  true . If if none  of that  was  true , it would  just  wouldn't  be
fair. I mean , I put jokes  out. I've looked  into  it. Oh, it's not true . It's an urban  myth . He didn't  do that  or
that. So I don't  do it because  I don't  I don't  want  to I don't  want  to add  to the to to the myth  and  legend
when  it's bad  or give  someone  a bad  day.[00:13:37.840]
And even  if it's a joke  that  there's  there's  a certain  power , particularly  on that  stage , and  people  make 
their  own  minds  up sometimes . And  what  you're  trying  to do. But I read  the jokes  out and  everyone 
was laughing . Great , great . And  the head  lawyer  went  after  just  one  thing  you said  when  you say so,
this is the joke  they  they  picked  up on. I start  off with  we got to see James  Corden  as a fat pussy .
[00:14:11.590]
It was  also  in the movie  Cats , but no one  saw  them . And  the reviews  I saw  one  that  said  this  is the
worst  thing  to happen  to cats  and  dogs . Dame  Judi  Dench  defended  the movie , saying  it was  the role 
she was  born  to play  because  she likes  nothing  better  than  plunging  herself  down  on the carpet ,
lifting  her leg and  licking  her own  mange . So first  thing  he says  is that  when  you say pussy  there , you
mean  because  he was  in cats  yet?
[00:14:40.970]
But I thought  this  is easy .
[00:14:43.060]
This  is OK. Right . This  is more  of a big question . Right .
[00:14:51.470]
And then  I said  to. Is Minggao  OK? Oh, yeah , it's a it's a funny  euphemism , it's an English  word . I said 
they  won't  even  know  what  it means . I don't  think  Americans  even  use it. And  then  someone  looked 
up and  said , oh, it says  vulgar  term  for vagina . I went , well , of course , it's a vulgar  term  for vagina .
[00:15:12.550]
If you're  not if you're  not a doctor  and  you're  it because  it's a vulgar  term , if you want  to die, it's going 
to be about  everything  that  vulgar  term  for.
[00:15:23.230]
Yeah .
[00:15:23.950]
And they  were  worried  just  because  they  looked  up and  it was  like, you know , the definition  vulgar .
Right . Like  I said , well , what  can  I say for vagina  and  the lawyer  when  you could  say vagina , I went , I'm
not going  to sign  the there's  so much  worse  that  I'm actually  now , you know , it's got to be some  sort 
of funny  twist  to it.
[00:15:50.410]
And sending  this  is just  a funny  word , too. Yeah . I mean , just  a funny  word . It's a it's a it is a
euphemism  is like saying  I didn't  say know , I thought  it would  be safe  because  Americans  would 
guess  what  I meant , but they  wouldn't  be offended  by it because  they  just  learned  that  word . If I make 
up a word  for vagina , it's not offensive  if I suddenly  go to a club . Right . And  you know , that  means 
you're  not offended  by it because  you don't  use it.
[00:16:17.290]
So I went , oh, what  can  I can  I use? And  it was  ten bucks . I was  going  to look  in the same  box .
[00:16:25.560]
The lawyers  are pitching  you.
[00:16:31.150]
Everyone  was  chipping  in. I'm not going  to say that . And  so I said , what  about  Flange ? We say that  as
well. And  I like that  word  minge  and  flange . I like those  angry  words  because  they're  nice  and  funny 
and soft . And  I've used  them  in my flammables  for kids . I say plunging , you know , munged  Fadela  is
the funny  thing  is a funny  syllable . So I went , yeah , that's  fine . And  then  someone  looked  it up, one  of
the six went , oh, it means  it's a slang  term  for something  in a sink  hair  so that  a confusion  went  right .[00:17:08.560]
OK, and  so we went  through  it. Right . And  we're  going  through  all the things .
[00:17:12.750]
So I'm not going  to say that  that's  worse . I'm not going  to say that  that's  where  all this  stuff  I was  once
said  quem  I went , I'm not saying  quem  that's  really  horrible . I don't  actually  even  know  that  word .
[00:17:24.610]
I've never  heard  quim . Yeah , I think  it's old. I think  it's an old Anglo-Saxon  word  maybe . But anyway , it's
a no, it's our worst  connotations , it's like a real  bro word , you know , it's horrible . So I wanted  a playful ,
silly word  for it. The  important  thing  was  I was  talking  about  being  a cop  and  what  cats  do. It's you
know , we will get inside  track .
[00:17:49.800]
Right .
[00:17:50.940]
And so I convinced  them  that  I said , you will not get one  complaint  for the word  change . Why  would 
you get it? But they'd  have  to. They  know  what  I mean , like in their  own  Menge . But they  won't  know 
exactly . They  won't  complain . And  they  went , OK, OK, sign  Minge . And  I went , but you won't  bleep  it,
will you? Because  I thought  if you bleep  it, that's  over  the joke . People  go, what  was  that ?
[00:18:15.690]
I went , no, we won't  believe  it, so we went  with  Menge , they  did bleep  anyway , they  did and  they  did
put it online  and  it was  unbleached , right ? No, they  bleeped  it right . But I knew  they  would . So I
pointed . So I thought  I still won .
[00:18:33.450]
Wow . This  is quite  a game  of chess . I didn't  realize  that  you had  that  going  on just  11 a.m.  I often  have
to talk  people  down .
[00:18:41.520]
All my career , I've talked  people  down  to when  they're  worried  about  someone , they  go over . And  what
they're  worried  about  is writing  a letter  and  one , two . And  very  often . Would  you explain  to them  what 
the joke  is? Because , again , everyone's  human  and  you know  exactly  how  different  they  they 
sometimes  mistake  the subject  of a joke  with  the actual  target . And  they're  nervous  because  their 
jobs  on the line, they  don't  want  to compliance . They  don't  want  to get I've never  had  a complaint 
upheld  in my whole  career .
[00:19:09.030]
What  about  what  about  personally , with  respect  to the people  you went , do you know ?
[00:19:13.560]
I don't  want  to I don't  want  to know . But I I'm pretty  sure  I give  her the benefit  of the doubt  that  she'd 
have  a sense  of humor . What , what , what , what , what  if I said  that's  so horrible . The  joke  is she acted 
like a cat.
[00:19:28.320]
If you know  and  and  cats  make  their  own  bits , it's as simple  as that . That's  what's  funny , that  you
leave  those  bits  out of art. You  know , it's it's quite  a funny  trope . I'm sure  every  cartoon , every  adult 
cartoon  is showing  a cat or a dog , a show  doing  something  that  cats  and  dogs  do, unlike , you know ,
children's  cartoons . So it was  no big deal  for me. But, yeah , I've often  to talk  people  down  and  explain 
to them  why  it's OK.
[00:19:57.210]
I've said  I've offered  I've offered  to write  the letter  and  sometimes  I just  want  someone  to take  charge and tell them  why  it's OK if memory  serves .
[00:20:06.270]
I think  they  they  cut to Tom  Hanks  looking  shocked  on your  punch  line there .
[00:20:12.150]
Yeah , that  became  a big mean  the that  people  thought  that  he was  disgusted  enough  himself . I'm not
sure . I just  thought  he thought  cool , didn't  expect  that . And  it did a nice  face  when  the camera  came 
to him . Oh, that  was  a bit that  was  a bit warm  for these  nice . Well  I don't  think  he was  being 
particularly  damning  of me or. I don't  know . I've no idea . And  you see the light . I can't  remember  what 
he actually  did it too.
[00:20:41.610]
I think . I can't  remember  what  you did it.
[00:20:43.800]
I think  it was  it was  on it was  on your  delivery  of minge .
[00:20:49.680]
Go go right . Go right  ahead .
[00:20:51.090]
And somebody  in the control  I get Hanks  has  got something  in his mouth  is a good  work .
[00:20:58.890]
When  I got I remember  after  I got home  and  James  said , oh you should've  said  klunk . I thought  I
should  have  said  Clun  just  perfect  grunge  because  that  system  is English . Again , that  probably  looked
it up and  it would  have  said  vulgar  term  to bits  and  pieces . But I think  it's non-specific  language  as
well. I think  it's men  and  women . It's just  stuff  you shove  into  your  pants , whether  you're  a master .
[00:21:28.200]
Yeah , these  are these  are esoteric  terms . I don't  know  how  philes  you you have  your  deep  in the
euphemism  game  over  there . Oh yeah , yeah , yeah .
[00:21:39.700]
I'm pretty  good  euphemisms  because  they  are a fine  tool  to get round  things  and  but the best  thing  is
make  them  up, make  a word  out. Yeah . It's just , it's just  as good  if you, if you really  don't  want  to get a
complaint  that  the English  are great  euphemisms  because  and  innuendo . I mean  we've  got a whole 
strand  of British  comedy  based  on innuendo  and  that  can  be anything  from  bad  puns  to that . We
there's  a spate  of films  in the sort  of sixties  and  seventies  called  carry  on films  where  it was  all that , it
was all matron  and  someone  would  come  in and  see the building .
[00:22:21.600]
What's  the unsightly  erection ? You  know , it's that  sort  of that  sort  of body . And  then  there  would  be
things  like a doll  wood  shop  and  beauty , which  was  the. Yeah . So we and  we have  a thing  called 
pantomime , which  I don't  think  you have , which  is an old Cinderella  or something , but done  with 
modern  jokes , with  modern  sort  of stars  and  actors . And  it's all it's all in jokes  and  puns  for the
parents  that  the kids  don't  get.
[00:22:56.070]
So a vaudeville  sort  of on two  levels , naughty , naughty  innuendos  that  on the face  of it. So.
[00:23:05.110]
Yeah , yeah . Right . So back  to the question  which  you've  neatly  evaded . Is there  anything  that  you
won't  do now ? It's for instance  you you went  after . Caitlyn  Jenner  hard  few  years  ago , what  did I,
though , did after  did they  know  that's  the thing ? Because  obviously  the the thing  that  was  picked  up
out of that  was  the possible  transphobia . But again , I addressed  that  in humanity . Now , my point  isthat I don't  go out there  and  say I'm allowed  to be transphobia .
[00:23:35.600]
I deny  I am transphobia  because  I'm not trans  phobic , just  like I'm not racist  when  I joke  about  race .
It's like I'm not I'm not pro cancer  when  I joke  about  cancer . See , this  is the thing . People  get that  they 
see people  in the audience . They  see a joke  like always  joking  about  famine  is joking  about  cancer  is
joke about , oh, that's  my thing .
[00:23:59.600]
You know , again , humanity . I did a I did a thing  on Jimmy  Fallon , a joke  as I was  on a flight  and  the
announcement  came  over . Someone  is fatally  allergic  to nuts . So we're  not handing  out any nuts  on
this flight . And  I go about  me being  selfish  and  I go, I never  wanted  nuts  more  out that  they  are
infringing  on my human  right  to eat nuts . And  I wish  I bought  my own  nuts  on the joke  being  that  I'm
so selfish  that  if I bought  my own  nuts  on, I would  eat them  and  this  person  would  die.
[00:24:34.220]
And I go so and  I spend  the whole  a whole  day on that  plane  just  because  someone  would  die if I had 
nuts  to avoid  the. And  again , what  I do now  before  I fly is I rub myself  down  in nuts . Right . So the joke 
being  the that  mental  attitude  is that  I can't  have  nuts , but I can  still kill this  person . So clearly  a joke 
and it never  happened . Obviously , none  of that  ever  happened . And  I did it on Jimmy  Fallon .
[00:25:03.500]
And the next  day on Twitter , I woke  up to about  10 tweets , which  will look  at how  dare  you joke  about 
food  allergies . And  I've got a note . And  that  is no laughing  matter . It's disgusting . You  know , many 
people  and  author  ignore  it. And  then  she starts  acting  in Jimmy  Fallon  on NBC . I ignore  it. And  then 
she said , you should  never  joke  about  food  allergies .
[00:25:28.670]
So that  that  was  really . Yeah .
[00:25:33.380]
So I said  that  I joke  about  cancer , AIDS , famine  and  the Holocaust . And  you're  telling  me I shouldn't 
joke about  food  allergies . And  she sent  back . Yes , but the Holocaust  didn't  kill children .
[00:25:47.120]
So she's  so concerned  with  how  important  her thing  is, which  is human . We're  all like it. She  can  see
the jokes . She  can  see the jokes  about  the Holocaust  famine . I think  she gets  it. She  gets  the joke .
She gets  the irony .
[00:26:04.370]
But she can't  see the wood  for the trees  because  it means  something  to her. So her emotions 
overwhelm  the critical  aspect  of this . Why , you know , if she had  her own  way , all those  other  jokes  are
OK, but not that  one . And  everyone's  a bit like that . I've had  it before . I had  to I did a routine  on early 
thing  about  Anne  Frank . When  I joke  about  as I've been  watching  a lot of Discovery  Channel  and  the
History  Channel  ask me anything  about  sharks  and  Nazis , and  I say about  how  amazing  are sharks  or
amazing  Nazis , horrible  sharks  are amazing  that  I can  they  can  sense  blood  one  part  in a million .
[00:26:44.240]
I do I do this  thing  much  about  a shark  would  have  found  and  frank  like that . But the Nazis  so stupid ,
like every  time  they  go, what's  that  noise ? It's that  topic . And  I mine  the typewriter . I wrote  nothing .
Rats  move  on. And  and  anyway , I do this  routine  that  the Nazis  can't  find  and  find  up, they're  just 
typing  away . And  I got a letter  from  a Jewish  society  in America  saying  we enjoyed  the show , we
enjoyed  the standard , we enjoyed  everything .
[00:27:14.240]
So we were  very  disappointed  about  your  jokes , about  Anne  Frank  with  the accent . But, you know , I
was joking  about  famine  and  consonantal . Yeah . I went , well , I'm joking  about  that . I've got nothing  onit. I think  it's a terrible  thing . And  I explained  to them , you know , I joke  about  the terrible  things . It
doesn't  mean  I condone  them . I, I, you know , I'm the same  person  as you, I think .
[00:27:36.200]
And I went , oh, thank  you for your  explanation . And  then , like, never  worked  out.
[00:27:41.180]
Yeah . It's amazing  that  that  would  actually  have  been  information  to them .
[00:27:45.920]
Exactly . But I get it. I get it. It's hard . It's hard  to divorce  yourself . And  what  people  I've done  on Twitter
before , I I've I've said  what  should  never  be joked  about , what  should  never  be joked  about , and  people
in nice , normal  people  sincerely  answer . And  of course , every  answer  is funny  because  they've 
imposed  this , like one  person  said . Losing  two  children . Right , that's  what  you said  in the bar at two 
rather  than  one .
[00:28:22.610]
I my friend  was  as he lost  to it. This  is very  specific . Like  you could  deal  with  it. You  know , it's mind 
blowing  with  the confidence  that  they  cite .
[00:28:32.730]
Losing  three  children  is funnier . I know . But also  but I listed  that  between  them , they  listed  every 
disease . And  any specific  disease  is funny  because  they  didn't  list all the others . Why  didn't  they  list
all the right  things ?
[00:28:51.360]
So, no, there  is no joke  about  there's  a real  irony  here .
[00:28:56.370]
I guess  irony  captures  the shape  of it. Some  of the same  people  say, like when  I think  about , let's  say,
hiring  someone  and  having  to worry  about  their  history  of tweets . Right . Is there  something  in this 
person's  history  that  is going  to blow  back  on on me or them  and  become  a problem ? Arguably ? You 
know , I shouldn't  think  much  about  that . I don't  tend  to think  much  about  that . But that  is something 
that many  people  think  about  now .
[00:29:23.100]
Whereas  you could  hire  someone  who  has  been  convicted  of murder . Right . Served  their  time  and  you
are now  part  of their  redemption  story . And  the same  people  who  would  try to destroy  you for having 
hired  someone  who's  trailing  some  bad  tweets  would  celebrate  you for hiring  someone  who  killed  the
family  and  has  been  brought  back  into  some  sphere  of redemption  and  forgiven .
[00:29:52.120]
Well , that  well , that's  the thing , isn't  it? That  I think  same  as you. I'm I'm an atheist . But there's  a couple
of things  I quite  like in the Bible . And  one  is that  he was  without  sin cast  the first  stone . I think  people 
have  forgotten  that  in a particular  social  media . I've never  seen  such  vindictive  people  want  any blood 
and wanting  to destroy  people  because  they're  they're  on the wrong  side . And  again , it's tit for tat.
[00:30:15.930]
People  are doing  it. Well , if you're  doing  that , I'm doing  this . And  I did a tweet  a couple  of years  ago . It
was a tweet  about  freedom  of speech  and  it was  a quote  from  Churchill .
[00:30:27.270]
And someone  said , you know , he's  a white  supremacist . And  I tweeted  back , not in that  tweet  is not.
Not to do with  it has  nothing  to do, and  it's not enough  now  that  you can't  if someone  doesn't  like you
liking  someone  for some  reason , then  find  it completely  different  reason  why  you shouldn't  like them ,
because  they're  not on the right  side . No one  looks  at an argument  anymore . They  look  at who's 
saying  it. And  if they're  on the wrong  side , they're  discredited .[00:30:55.020]
There's  no nuance . You  know , like I did a tweet , I'm a typical  old fashioned  lefty  socialist , you know ,
anti racist  and  sexist  and  homophobic  kind  of guy. But if I tweet  about  freedom  of speech , I'm
suddenly  all right . And  it's true  because  it's odd  that  that's  become  a right  wing  thing , because  some 
people  think  the because  free  speech  could  allow  you to say awful  things , that  the concept  of speech 
is the wrong  thing . That's  what's  weird .
[00:31:31.590]
And you need  the only  way  you fight  a horrible , hateful  speech  is nice  speech  proving  that  hateful 
speech  wrong  that  if you curb  free  speech , it's a fun it's an absolute  fundamental  right  that  all other 
rights  rely on.
[00:31:51.360]
And it seems  odd  to me that  people  are willing  to make  exceptions  and  they  come  up with  strange ,
nebulous  terms  like, yeah , not hate  speech . I want  to know  what  what , what , what  speech . Well , it
turns  out that  hate  speech  is something  that  anyone  doesn't  like that  doesn't  want  to be they  don't 
want  to hear  it. Right . Except  there  are people . So, for instance  and  I have  gotten  some  pushback  for
my position  here , but I don't  know  how  closely  you followed  the the platform  of certain  people .
[00:32:23.190]
Like, obviously , Donald  Trump  is the big one . But before  him , Alex  Jones , you know , I was  certainly  in
favor  of kicking  Alex  Jones  off Twitter  and  everywhere  else  he got kicked  off of because  of what  he
was doing . I mean , the fact  that  I mean , to be manufacturing  lies about  parents  who  have  just  had 
their  kids  murdered  are.
[00:32:44.440]
Hold  on. Wait  a minute , though . Now  now  we're  getting  into  it now  because  there  were  loads  of
caveats  to free  speech  already . There  were  loads . And  I agree  with  them . All right . I think  I agree  with 
every  single  one  of them , as I said , from  libel  to slander  to to food  additives , even  to watershed  and 
private  places , because  I agree  with  them  all. But one  the one  I don't  agree  with  is someone's  right  to
not hear  something  they  don't  like.
[00:33:14.190]
That's  what  we can't  do. I say that  joke  is unpleasant . Well , it might  be, but, you know , it's nothing  you
shouldn't  pay in the jungle . You  should  put on their  boots . You  know , you can  walk  away . You  can  turn 
out the best  form  of censorship  is your  right  not to listen . And  people  get confused  what  freedom  of
speech  is. They  think  it's freedom  of speech  is their  right  to be heard  and  understood  and  taken 
seriously  is none  of that .
[00:33:42.000]
You know , it's it's a very  delicate  thing , but it is written . There  are rules . And  all you have  to do is look 
them  up.
[00:33:49.470]
And then , you know , we have  different  rules , too. I mean , you are governed  by things  are far more 
restrictive  in the UK. And  whenever  I hear  about  these  specific  cases  of people  being  brought  to the
attention  of the police  for having  said  something  that  was  offensive  to public  morals  or whatever ,
however  it gets  raised  over  there , it sounds  frankly  insane  to me.
[00:34:11.490]
Well , I mean , that's  the problem  with  the Internet , isn't  it, that  it's global , but rules  are local . But, you
know , it's been  going  people  muddy  the water . You  know , there's  there's  one  side  that  thinks  some 
people  want  free  speech  so they  can  go round  saying  awful  things  all the time . Well , that's  not true .
And even  if it was , let's  look  at that . And  then  the other  side , they  do want  to say awful  things  all the
time  to annoy  the other  side .[00:34:37.740]
So is this  horrible , you know , vicious  circle ? And  but that's  why  we're  not in charge . That's  why  that's 
why we can't  decide  whether  someone  has  the death  penalty  or not. It goes  to a court  of law.
Otherwise , we do things . You  know , if one  of our friends  is murdered  and  they  ask us on the street ,
what  should  we do with  them , kill him . But that  law takes  that  out of it, takes  out this  this  seeing 
through  anger  and  all those  things .
[00:35:10.120]
But the de platforming  taking  Donald  Trump , I'm still torn  about  that  because  I'm the same  as you. I'm
no fan of Donald  Trump . Never  have  been . And  but Twitter  saying  he's  breaking  our rules  is one  thing .
But then  I think  the delicate  thing  about  that  is, is don't  they  become  a publisher  as opposed ?
Platform . So aren't  they  then  responsible  for everyone ? Can  I can  I now  sue people  for saying 
something  horrible  to me on Twitter ? Can  I sue Twitter ?
[00:35:42.950]
It's very  complicated . I think  it's their  edge  cases , certainly , where  it's first  of all, Twitter  has  for this 
whole  time  been  de platforming  people  for ridiculous  things . So by that  standard , Donald  Trump 
should  have  been  de platformed  years  ago . I mean , he really  threatened  nuclear  war  on Twitter .
[00:36:03.290]
Every  single  case  you could  go down  a rabbit  hole  and  argue  about  it forever . And  that's  what  that's 
what  why  we have  to have  principle . And  I think  people  are confused  by principle , I think  is a genuinely
confusing  thing . I know . I get it. I always  get it. I get it. When  someone  backs  down  because  they  lose 
their  livelihood  or their  friends  or their  career  or their  family , you know , its integrity  can  cost . That's 
why it's a valuable  sort  of asset , because  integrity  can  cost  people  everything .
[00:36:38.420]
And, you know , I get it. I get it. Why  people  are scared  to say the wrong  thing  because  they  can  lose  a
job. And  it's easy  to say, well , they  shouldn't . But then  then  someone  to say, what  about  this  guy? And 
you go, wow , that's  different . That's  a different  principle . People , as I say, people  are confused  with 
principle  because  they  have  a million  examples  and  all those  examples  are wrong .
[00:37:01.340]
But on the face  of it, they  look  the same . Someone  got fired . Why ? Well , people  don't  accept  there's  a
sliding  scale  of morality . I think  that's  the problem . There's  this  weird  sort  of binary  so that  if anyone 
has done  something  wrong  and  you don't  like them , they're  Hitler . It's it's as simple  as that . You  know 
what  it was  that  got in trouble ? Someone  got in trouble  for that . The  actress  who  got fired  from 
Disney  for saying  conservatives  like Gina  Carano , sensible  praise  from  the Mandalorian .
[00:37:37.340]
She said  something  like, conservatives  are now  like the Jews  under  Hitler  or something  like that  to the
Jews  during  in the run up to the Holocaust . I actually  don't  like obviously , I don't  support  that 
comparison , but this  idea  that  you can  never  make  a comparison  to Nazis  or Hitler  or the Holocaust .
[00:37:55.130]
No, this  was  weird  because  the people  on the other  side  were  saying  Trump  is like Hitler .
[00:38:00.710]
So surely  that , you know , and  this  is a fucking  stupid  thing  to say also  about  embarrassing , ridiculous 
exaggeration .
[00:38:10.100]
But that's  what  metaphore  is. That's  what  analogy  is. That's  what  in poetry  people  say, you know , I
would  die for you. And , you know , they  do. If you start  taking  everything  literally , there  is no poetry 
anymore  or metaphor  or exaggeration .
[00:38:27.590]Exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . So it's very  difficult . And  sometimes 
it comes  down . The  people  aren't  smart , you know , but I think  sometimes  there's  malice . I think 
people  sometimes  get it, but they  don't  care . They  won't  defend  someone  they  don't  like on principle 
because  they  just  want  to see them  go down .
[00:38:50.820]
Yeah , this  is all too common . Yet the primary  season  I've been  seeing  now  for four  years  is that  the
people  who  don't  like you have  added  a rule  to the rule  book  that  they  deem  ethical . And  it's obviously 
unethical  if they  can  figure  out the worst  possible  construal  of the thing  you said , even  when  it's
obviously  not the intended  meaning , they  will seek  to hold  you to that  and  defame  you on the basis  of
that. So, for instance , you know , in this  case , Gina  Carano  is being  reacted  to like she's  completely 
disregarding  the horror  of the Holocaust  and  thinks  that  what's  happening  to conservatives  in
Hollywood  right  now  is exactly  as bad  as, yeah .
[00:39:39.050]
Rounding  people  up and  putting  them  in the gas  chambers . Now , obviously , I mean , in our defense , it
was just  lazy  and  idiotic , but no one  actually  believes  she believes  that . Right . I know .
[00:39:51.080]
But if it was  a crime , we'd  all be in jail. Yeah , but yeah . And  I understand  there's  degrees  of damage 
and sometimes  all people  want  to you know , it's different  with  an individual  shout  out of a window .
And when  people  think  that  they're  given  a platform , if she was  a present  and  she was  saying  that  on
the BBC  News , I think  there'd  be much  more  of a case  saying  why , why ? Why  is that ? Of course .
[00:40:20.930]
Yeah , this  is something  I really  do think  I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  these  issues .
[00:40:26.690]
I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  freedom  of speech  now . I'm uncomfortable  because  it seems  so
unjust  that  if you defend  it, you're  labelled  right  wing . And  I can  say just  point . Whether  someone's  left
or right  wing  doesn't  win the argument , but you know  what  it does  to them  somewhat , someone  who 
thinks  it is fundamentally  wrong  and  let's  not forget  the people  on all sides  think  they're  right . They 
actually  think  they're  right . They've  convinced  themselves  that  everything  on this  side  is right  and 
everything  on that  side  is wrong  or they've  gone  and  done .
[00:41:05.000]
Everything  on this  side  is right . But if we can  take  down  one  of their  generals , we win the war . You 
know , some  of it is tactical . It is tactical . And  I don't  want  to be caught  up in it. I don't  want  to, you
know , be fired  or hired  or for something  I said  that  I didn't  mean . But as you say, it doesn't  matter  how 
clear  you are, they  take  it out of context  and  they  decide  your  motives .
[00:41:29.630]
But the most  frightening  one  is easily  in 10 years  time , this  conversation  could  get us both  fired .
[00:41:38.360]
Well , I hope  to have  a good  laugh  when  that  happens . I'll see you in two  weeks  now . I mean , dinner .
Tea means  dinner . Wow . I think  it's a working  class  thing .
[00:41:47.780]
I used  to say breakfast , lunch  and  t t was  like six o'clock . But I think  people  say breakfast , lunch  and 
dinner . I it's funny . It's as I get older , so I'll be in bed  often  we watch  some  like European  dramas  and  I
saying  things  like we'll  see you at dinner  tonight . Yes . I'll pick  you up at ten. I want  to fuck  off for you.
[00:42:13.640]
I'll be in bed  then  pick  you up pretty  late . Oh then . But I'll see you later .[00:00:12.060]
Hey, Ricky , hi, quick  one . I've been  thinking  about  your  your  dream , your  joke  in your  dream . And  as we
comedians  say, I think  it deserves  more .
[00:00:25.110]
Well , a little  bit more . Yeah . Yeah . No, I actually  make  it funny .
[00:00:30.090]
Yeah . Is it is it is. Sometimes  it's funny  for the wrong  reasons  and  on the level . Well  first  of all it's
funny  that  you told  me, it's funny  that  you that  I said  I had  the to that  and  I was  underwhelmed . And 
it's like you've  been  through  that  once  because  the funniest  thing  of course  is an eminent  thinker 
waking  their  partner  up and  going  off just  dreamt  a great  joke . But it just  that's  funny  already .
[00:00:57.720]
All right , listen , you had  Monica  laughing  at the phrase  eminent  thinker . Yeah , well , right .
[00:01:04.380]
But so. So it's so it's good . This  is what  I want  to talk  about . So it sounds  like a joke . It sounds  like a
child's  joke , even  the premise . What  noise  does  a monster  make  right  now ? That's  it. That's  a simple 
you think  it's going  to be a pun . Some  sort  of plan  was  what  noise ? The  mother . But it's better  than 
that because  there's  even  a play  on there  in your  in your  joke  because  we think  it means  a noise .
[00:01:30.810]
A monster  consciously  makes  a roar  or a grrr. But no, it's the it's the involuntary  sound  it makes 
because  it's big and  it's heavy  and  it can't  help  that  noise . It doesn't  want  to make  that  noise . So that's
funny . Already  we even  posed  this  as this  monster  making  this  noise . But it's just  because  he's  big
and heavy . Right .
[00:01:51.780]
So that's  that's  funny , right ? Because  of course . But and  you and  the other  thing  is you've  learned  that 
noise  from  cartoons  and  theater  productions  because  a monster  doesn't  make  that  noise . You've 
learned  not from  cartoons  and  theater  productions . OK, and  here's  what's  the funny  bit for me is that  I
think  you think  that's  funny  in your  subconscious  sort  of dreamy  state , because  I think  you invented 
that. I think  you think  you invented  that  noise . A monster  mix , even  though  you've  learned  it from 
cartoons .
[00:02:28.290]
And that's  why  I think  you think  it's so funny , because  I think  subconsciously  you think , well , that's  a
great  play . That's  a great  play  on what  sound  is. Oh, it's this  one . And  you think  you invented  that ? I
don't  know . There's  some  there's  something  there  that  you were  excited  about , the cleverness  of it. I
don't  know .
[00:02:48.360]
Maybe  I'm very  flattered  that  you've  done  an autopsy  on my psychosis , but I would  describe  it to just 
the frank  psychosis  of the dream  state , literally . That  was  one  of the funniest  things  I had  ever  heard ,
of course .
[00:03:00.990]
And you can't  help  it because  you just  as we said  last  time , use your  brain , just  cut to the emotion  of
having  thought  of the funniest  joke  in the world  without  the workings  out. You  haven't  gone  through 
that process . You  just  got to. And  Jane  reminded  me of one  that  she had  thirty  years  ago . She  woke 
up laughing  and  she said , I just  dreamt  I told  the funniest  joke  and  she was  already  out of it and  knew 
it wasn't  funny .
[00:03:26.190]
But her trying  to tell me the funniest  joke  in the world  because  she knew  how  awful  it was , really  made
me laugh  as well . And  the joke . And  again , it nearly  works . The  joke  was  in her dream , that  was  thefunniest  joke  in the world . The  joke  was , if there's  two  things  in a pot of ivy that  both  leaves  now , that 
that really  does  almost  work .
[00:03:49.470]
Yeah , it almost  worked  because  much  better  than  my joke  is, it's almost  a diss  on the Ivy. That's  all it's
got. If you ask me why , if he's  got it, he's  got two  things .
[00:04:00.150]
It's to some  more  Ivy. Oh dear .
[00:04:06.570]
So yeah , that's  what  I've been  that's  what  I've been  thinking  about .
[00:04:09.870]
What  can't  you joke  about ? Because  you go you go hard . I'm surprised . You  know , occasionally  I recall
how  edgy  you are in certain  context . I mean , like your  Golden  Globes  stuff  is just  just  murder . You're 
murdering  people  in the room  and . Yeah , but have  you course  corrected  in recent  years ? One  of the
things  that  you did a few  years  ago ?
[00:04:34.320]
I sense  the things  I have . I have  a set of rules  and  and  that's  depending  on the forum  as well . I
wouldn't  do a kids  party  and  talk  about  the things  I talk  about , like, you know , in fact , I feel 
uncomfortable , like if I'm doing  something , I try and  make  it 16 and  over  so I can  relax . I'm not I'm not
corrupting  the youth  and  I play  by the rules  of TV in the Golden  Globes  is a very  good  example .
[00:05:05.070]
If you think  about  it. That  was  network  television , a peak  time , five PM that  went  out across  America . I
didn't  break  any broadcast  rules , so it couldn't  have  been  that  bad . How  could  you get away  with 
Dame  Judi  Dench  licking  her?
[00:05:19.430]
I forget  the right  word , but there's  a binge .
[00:05:21.520]
OK, that's  a really  interesting  one . So what  happens  is I think  usually  I was  told  by the production  team
at the Golden  Globes  they'd  like me doing  it because  I'm easy . I turn  up with  a scrap  of paper  with  20
jokes  on it. And  I said , usually  presenters  have  like a team  of 20 writers  for like six weeks  before  and 
after  that , they're  worried  about  it and  they  keep  changing  it and  things  happen . And  I turn  up and  go,
I'm doing  these  things .
[00:05:46.780]
All right . But what  you have  to do is the day before  it has  to be lawyered . And  what  do you call it? We
call it taste  and  decency . You  call it something  else . Standard  and  practices .
[00:05:59.260]
Yes, exactly . And  what  that  usually  means  is that  you can't  do gross  things  that  people  might  find 
offensive  language  libel . I don't  want  to libel  anyone  anyway . I think  I think  I can  work  around  the
language  then  if you can't . And  there's  probably  something  missing , although  we talk  about  that  as
well. I want  to I want  to address  the people , the site . Anyone  can  get a laugh , swearing . I want  to go.
Right . OK, if sell the tickets , go out, go out on when  train .
[00:06:27.190]
And just  where  it's funny  is my and  usually  it's I've done  it when  there's  one  person , one  lawyer  just 
looks  down .
[00:06:34.510]
Yeah  that's  right . That's  right . That's  right . This  time  I don't  know  why , I don't  know  whether  it was  areflection  of the time  had  they  had  a dream  team  of lawyers .
[00:06:43.370]
Oh there  was  17 people , 17 people  in the room . But it was  it was  exact . Some  of the writers  want  to
come  down  just  to see what  I'd done  will be, you know , you would  scared  the shit  out of them  from 
previous  years .
[00:06:55.060]
Right . This  is your  third  year  running  or something .
[00:06:57.940]
Yeah , for fifth  year , it was  the fifth  year  running  over  a ten year  period . So I think  some  of them  were 
so excited  at the prospect  because  it usually  always  gets  quite  a reaction . And  there  were  the people 
who  write  the other  stuff , because  there's  a part  for me, there's  people  who  write  all the other  intros , if
you know  what  I mean . So there  was  those  guys  there . That  was  the exact  producers , producers  and 
lots of lots  of lawyers .
[00:07:26.850]
And I mean , there's  about  15 people  in the room  and  it's so tough  crowd . So I did my monologue . I did
exactly  as it went  out.
[00:07:37.500]
So you actually  you perform  for that  room  full of lawyers ? Yeah .
[00:07:41.670]
I mean , I'm not I'm I'm not given  everything , but yeah , I do it. I read  the jokes  as well  as I can . So they 
get them  that  there's  there's  a there's  a there's  a mild  performance . But that's  the other  thing  about 
the Golden  Globes . Unlike  my standup  and  obviously  the narrative  stuff  I do, it's much  more  about  the
guy and  they  have  to work . I haven't  got time  to work  in over  six weeks  that  I can't  it's it's more  like a
piece  of poetry .
[00:08:10.080]
It's more  like, you know , a formula . It's got to be fast  and  I'll be set up punchline  laugh . Otherwise , it's
it's too it's too nebulous . It won't  get the laughs  that  you do when , when  you've  got a workout  routine .
So you want  20 zingers . And  even  then  I still try and  do a little  bit of it. Now  if I still try and  you know 
how  I get my jokes  for that . Oh I've done  two  about  him .
[00:08:36.420]
That's  not fair. Or that  looks  like I've got something  against  that  person  because  I have  three  jokes 
about  someone . You  go, what's  the best  one ? So you try and  keep  it fair. I try and  make  it about  the
people  in the room  and  that's  when  I try and  make  it like it couldn't  be in any other  place , any other 
time  in any other  room . I try and  do the classic  court  jester  of of punching  up. I have  a go against  the
broadcast  of the Hollywood  Foreign  Press  and  the richest , most  powerful  people  in in the room .
[00:09:08.310]
I mean , the place  where  you really  just  eviscerated  the whole  room . And  one  person  in particular  was 
the the the when  you went  after  Tim  Cook  and  Apple  for running  sweatshops  and , you know , they 
obviously  cut the Tim  Cook  just  sitting  there  at a banquet  table . And  then  you pivoted  to telling 
everyone  in the room  that  they  had  known  they  were  in no way  entitled  to be sanctimonious , because 
if ISIS  created  a streaming  service , well , they  would  call their  agent  immediately .
[00:09:38.280]
I did that  on purpose  because  that  was  the sort  of theme  of the year . I thought  it was  quite  Zygi  state 
that it felt right  that  people  had  had  enough  of Hollywood  and , you know , and  and  being  lectured  to
and I even  think  I think  we've  talked  about  this  before , that  I even  think  Trump  getting  in was  was 
almost  a protest  vote  against  that  authoritarian  liberalism  for the last  ten years . So I sort  of
addressed  that  without  again , without  taking  a side .[00:10:06.210]
I don't  think  I took  a side .
[00:10:07.650]
But for instance , your  your  slamming  Tim  Cook , there  was  was  that  actually  a lawyered  line? They 
knew  you were  going  to do that .
[00:10:14.370]
Yeah , but don't  forget , I, I, I don't  think  I mentioned  his name . I don't  think  I knew  he was  going  to be
there  and  I certainly  didn't  know  I was  going  to cut to him . So they  made  it. Oh, I don't  know  who 
they're  going  to cut to. I don't  know . I don't  I don't  plan  that . But no, the joke  was  real . Yeah . So the I
thought  the funny  joke  was , this  is a lovely  program .
[00:10:34.890]
And you know  what ? I don't  even  know  that  that's  true . I don't  know  that  it is up itself  or pretentious  or
anything . I've heard  great  things  about  it. The  joke  being  that  I decided  to try and  put in a list to make 
my case , to make  the joke  funnier . And  of course , I went  off to the biggest  corporations . I've got
nothing  against  those  corporations . I did check  the facts  and  the lawyer  said , yeah , that's  fine .
[00:11:03.570]
They  they  quickly  they  quickly  Google  it and  say if we got a case , it but there's  no malice . I haven't  I
haven't  really  got anything  against  anyone  in the room , you know . I mean , it's all for the joke . If the
joke was  better  the other  way  round , I would  have  done  it the other  way  round .
[00:11:18.870]
You know , this  this , this , this  myth  that  every  joke  is a window  to the comedians . True . So I'll change 
that. I'll flip it. I'll pretend  to be left wing . Right  wing . No. When  I'll pretend  to be anything  to make  that 
joke, I'll just  I'll decide . I'll I through  I should  take  the other  side .
[00:11:36.870]
No, because  it was  a joke  but I do think  you were  landing  a deadly  earnest  blow  against  at least  Apple 
there . I mean  that  you because  we were  aware  that  they , you know , they're  they're  outsourcing  the
production  of iPhones  to Foxconn . And  you've  got you literally  have  people  jumping  to their  deaths 
from  the rooftops  of those  factories  because  their  lives  are so intolerable . I mean , that  that  story  had 
been  in the news . And  I mean , you could  read  a more  recent  vein , make  the point  that  Apple  is evading
taxes  by basically  running  its.
[00:12:08.870]
Trillion  dollar  business  through  a post  office  box  in Ireland , right ? It's just  it's incredible , right ? But I'm
sort of saying  to people , I'm not your  man . If you think  that  I'm if I'm if you think  I'm shy. Guevarra  of
the of the capitalist  modern  world , you're  wrong . They  would  they  were  jokes  and  my private  life might
happen  to align  with  the jokes . And  of course , you want  to be on the right  side  unless  unless  you're 
saying  the wrong  thing  for a funny  reason .
[00:12:42.010]
You know , as I say, a lot of my standup , I play  the right  wing  bigot  for comic  effect . You  know , irony  is
a lovely  is a lovely  tool  to deliver  the right  message . That  sounds  like the wrong  message . So you
have  to really  look  at look  at the joke  and  look  deep . And  but in general , I'm not I'm not this  social 
justice  warrior  for either  side  is how  good  is that  joke ? And  of course , the more  truth  there  is to it, the
more  awkward  it is.
[00:13:13.870]
Or, you know , it wouldn't  be fair if it wasn't  true . If if none  of that  was  true , it would  just  wouldn't  be
fair. I mean , I put jokes  out. I've looked  into  it. Oh, it's not true . It's an urban  myth . He didn't  do that  or
that. So I don't  do it because  I don't  I don't  want  to I don't  want  to add  to the to to the myth  and  legend
when  it's bad  or give  someone  a bad  day.[00:13:37.840]
And even  if it's a joke  that  there's  there's  a certain  power , particularly  on that  stage , and  people  make 
their  own  minds  up sometimes . And  what  you're  trying  to do. But I read  the jokes  out and  everyone 
was laughing . Great , great . And  the head  lawyer  went  after  just  one  thing  you said  when  you say so,
this is the joke  they  they  picked  up on. I start  off with  we got to see James  Corden  as a fat pussy .
[00:14:11.590]
It was  also  in the movie  Cats , but no one  saw  them . And  the reviews  I saw  one  that  said  this  is the
worst  thing  to happen  to cats  and  dogs . Dame  Judi  Dench  defended  the movie , saying  it was  the role 
she was  born  to play  because  she likes  nothing  better  than  plunging  herself  down  on the carpet ,
lifting  her leg and  licking  her own  mange . So first  thing  he says  is that  when  you say pussy  there , you
mean  because  he was  in cats  yet?
[00:14:40.970]
But I thought  this  is easy .
[00:14:43.060]
This  is OK. Right . This  is more  of a big question . Right .
[00:14:51.470]
And then  I said  to. Is Minggao  OK? Oh, yeah , it's a it's a funny  euphemism , it's an English  word . I said 
they  won't  even  know  what  it means . I don't  think  Americans  even  use it. And  then  someone  looked 
up and  said , oh, it says  vulgar  term  for vagina . I went , well , of course , it's a vulgar  term  for vagina .
[00:15:12.550]
If you're  not if you're  not a doctor  and  you're  it because  it's a vulgar  term , if you want  to die, it's going 
to be about  everything  that  vulgar  term  for.
[00:15:23.230]
Yeah .
[00:15:23.950]
And they  were  worried  just  because  they  looked  up and  it was  like, you know , the definition  vulgar .
Right . Like  I said , well , what  can  I say for vagina  and  the lawyer  when  you could  say vagina , I went , I'm
not going  to sign  the there's  so much  worse  that  I'm actually  now , you know , it's got to be some  sort 
of funny  twist  to it.
[00:15:50.410]
And sending  this  is just  a funny  word , too. Yeah . I mean , just  a funny  word . It's a it's a it is a
euphemism  is like saying  I didn't  say know , I thought  it would  be safe  because  Americans  would 
guess  what  I meant , but they  wouldn't  be offended  by it because  they  just  learned  that  word . If I make 
up a word  for vagina , it's not offensive  if I suddenly  go to a club . Right . And  you know , that  means 
you're  not offended  by it because  you don't  use it.
[00:16:17.290]
So I went , oh, what  can  I can  I use? And  it was  ten bucks . I was  going  to look  in the same  box .
[00:16:25.560]
The lawyers  are pitching  you.
[00:16:31.150]
Everyone  was  chipping  in. I'm not going  to say that . And  so I said , what  about  Flange ? We say that  as
well. And  I like that  word  minge  and  flange . I like those  angry  words  because  they're  nice  and  funny 
and soft . And  I've used  them  in my flammables  for kids . I say plunging , you know , munged  Fadela  is
the funny  thing  is a funny  syllable . So I went , yeah , that's  fine . And  then  someone  looked  it up, one  of
the six went , oh, it means  it's a slang  term  for something  in a sink  hair  so that  a confusion  went  right .[00:17:08.560]
OK, and  so we went  through  it. Right . And  we're  going  through  all the things .
[00:17:12.750]
So I'm not going  to say that  that's  worse . I'm not going  to say that  that's  where  all this  stuff  I was  once
said  quem  I went , I'm not saying  quem  that's  really  horrible . I don't  actually  even  know  that  word .
[00:17:24.610]
I've never  heard  quim . Yeah , I think  it's old. I think  it's an old Anglo-Saxon  word  maybe . But anyway , it's
a no, it's our worst  connotations , it's like a real  bro word , you know , it's horrible . So I wanted  a playful ,
silly word  for it. The  important  thing  was  I was  talking  about  being  a cop  and  what  cats  do. It's you
know , we will get inside  track .
[00:17:49.800]
Right .
[00:17:50.940]
And so I convinced  them  that  I said , you will not get one  complaint  for the word  change . Why  would 
you get it? But they'd  have  to. They  know  what  I mean , like in their  own  Menge . But they  won't  know 
exactly . They  won't  complain . And  they  went , OK, OK, sign  Minge . And  I went , but you won't  bleep  it,
will you? Because  I thought  if you bleep  it, that's  over  the joke . People  go, what  was  that ?
[00:18:15.690]
I went , no, we won't  believe  it, so we went  with  Menge , they  did bleep  anyway , they  did and  they  did
put it online  and  it was  unbleached , right ? No, they  bleeped  it right . But I knew  they  would . So I
pointed . So I thought  I still won .
[00:18:33.450]
Wow . This  is quite  a game  of chess . I didn't  realize  that  you had  that  going  on just  11 a.m.  I often  have
to talk  people  down .
[00:18:41.520]
All my career , I've talked  people  down  to when  they're  worried  about  someone , they  go over . And  what
they're  worried  about  is writing  a letter  and  one , two . And  very  often . Would  you explain  to them  what 
the joke  is? Because , again , everyone's  human  and  you know  exactly  how  different  they  they 
sometimes  mistake  the subject  of a joke  with  the actual  target . And  they're  nervous  because  their 
jobs  on the line, they  don't  want  to compliance . They  don't  want  to get I've never  had  a complaint 
upheld  in my whole  career .
[00:19:09.030]
What  about  what  about  personally , with  respect  to the people  you went , do you know ?
[00:19:13.560]
I don't  want  to I don't  want  to know . But I I'm pretty  sure  I give  her the benefit  of the doubt  that  she'd 
have  a sense  of humor . What , what , what , what , what  if I said  that's  so horrible . The  joke  is she acted 
like a cat.
[00:19:28.320]
If you know  and  and  cats  make  their  own  bits , it's as simple  as that . That's  what's  funny , that  you
leave  those  bits  out of art. You  know , it's it's quite  a funny  trope . I'm sure  every  cartoon , every  adult 
cartoon  is showing  a cat or a dog , a show  doing  something  that  cats  and  dogs  do, unlike , you know ,
children's  cartoons . So it was  no big deal  for me. But, yeah , I've often  to talk  people  down  and  explain 
to them  why  it's OK.
[00:19:57.210]
I've said  I've offered  I've offered  to write  the letter  and  sometimes  I just  want  someone  to take  charge and tell them  why  it's OK if memory  serves .
[00:20:06.270]
I think  they  they  cut to Tom  Hanks  looking  shocked  on your  punch  line there .
[00:20:12.150]
Yeah , that  became  a big mean  the that  people  thought  that  he was  disgusted  enough  himself . I'm not
sure . I just  thought  he thought  cool , didn't  expect  that . And  it did a nice  face  when  the camera  came 
to him . Oh, that  was  a bit that  was  a bit warm  for these  nice . Well  I don't  think  he was  being 
particularly  damning  of me or. I don't  know . I've no idea . And  you see the light . I can't  remember  what 
he actually  did it too.
[00:20:41.610]
I think . I can't  remember  what  you did it.
[00:20:43.800]
I think  it was  it was  on it was  on your  delivery  of minge .
[00:20:49.680]
Go go right . Go right  ahead .
[00:20:51.090]
And somebody  in the control  I get Hanks  has  got something  in his mouth  is a good  work .
[00:20:58.890]
When  I got I remember  after  I got home  and  James  said , oh you should've  said  klunk . I thought  I
should  have  said  Clun  just  perfect  grunge  because  that  system  is English . Again , that  probably  looked
it up and  it would  have  said  vulgar  term  to bits  and  pieces . But I think  it's non-specific  language  as
well. I think  it's men  and  women . It's just  stuff  you shove  into  your  pants , whether  you're  a master .
[00:21:28.200]
Yeah , these  are these  are esoteric  terms . I don't  know  how  philes  you you have  your  deep  in the
euphemism  game  over  there . Oh yeah , yeah , yeah .
[00:21:39.700]
I'm pretty  good  euphemisms  because  they  are a fine  tool  to get round  things  and  but the best  thing  is
make  them  up, make  a word  out. Yeah . It's just , it's just  as good  if you, if you really  don't  want  to get a
complaint  that  the English  are great  euphemisms  because  and  innuendo . I mean  we've  got a whole 
strand  of British  comedy  based  on innuendo  and  that  can  be anything  from  bad  puns  to that . We
there's  a spate  of films  in the sort  of sixties  and  seventies  called  carry  on films  where  it was  all that , it
was all matron  and  someone  would  come  in and  see the building .
[00:22:21.600]
What's  the unsightly  erection ? You  know , it's that  sort  of that  sort  of body . And  then  there  would  be
things  like a doll  wood  shop  and  beauty , which  was  the. Yeah . So we and  we have  a thing  called 
pantomime , which  I don't  think  you have , which  is an old Cinderella  or something , but done  with 
modern  jokes , with  modern  sort  of stars  and  actors . And  it's all it's all in jokes  and  puns  for the
parents  that  the kids  don't  get.
[00:22:56.070]
So a vaudeville  sort  of on two  levels , naughty , naughty  innuendos  that  on the face  of it. So.
[00:23:05.110]
Yeah , yeah . Right . So back  to the question  which  you've  neatly  evaded . Is there  anything  that  you
won't  do now ? It's for instance  you you went  after . Caitlyn  Jenner  hard  few  years  ago , what  did I,
though , did after  did they  know  that's  the thing ? Because  obviously  the the thing  that  was  picked  up
out of that  was  the possible  transphobia . But again , I addressed  that  in humanity . Now , my point  isthat I don't  go out there  and  say I'm allowed  to be transphobia .
[00:23:35.600]
I deny  I am transphobia  because  I'm not trans  phobic , just  like I'm not racist  when  I joke  about  race .
It's like I'm not I'm not pro cancer  when  I joke  about  cancer . See , this  is the thing . People  get that  they 
see people  in the audience . They  see a joke  like always  joking  about  famine  is joking  about  cancer  is
joke about , oh, that's  my thing .
[00:23:59.600]
You know , again , humanity . I did a I did a thing  on Jimmy  Fallon , a joke  as I was  on a flight  and  the
announcement  came  over . Someone  is fatally  allergic  to nuts . So we're  not handing  out any nuts  on
this flight . And  I go about  me being  selfish  and  I go, I never  wanted  nuts  more  out that  they  are
infringing  on my human  right  to eat nuts . And  I wish  I bought  my own  nuts  on the joke  being  that  I'm
so selfish  that  if I bought  my own  nuts  on, I would  eat them  and  this  person  would  die.
[00:24:34.220]
And I go so and  I spend  the whole  a whole  day on that  plane  just  because  someone  would  die if I had 
nuts  to avoid  the. And  again , what  I do now  before  I fly is I rub myself  down  in nuts . Right . So the joke 
being  the that  mental  attitude  is that  I can't  have  nuts , but I can  still kill this  person . So clearly  a joke 
and it never  happened . Obviously , none  of that  ever  happened . And  I did it on Jimmy  Fallon .
[00:25:03.500]
And the next  day on Twitter , I woke  up to about  10 tweets , which  will look  at how  dare  you joke  about 
food  allergies . And  I've got a note . And  that  is no laughing  matter . It's disgusting . You  know , many 
people  and  author  ignore  it. And  then  she starts  acting  in Jimmy  Fallon  on NBC . I ignore  it. And  then 
she said , you should  never  joke  about  food  allergies .
[00:25:28.670]
So that  that  was  really . Yeah .
[00:25:33.380]
So I said  that  I joke  about  cancer , AIDS , famine  and  the Holocaust . And  you're  telling  me I shouldn't 
joke about  food  allergies . And  she sent  back . Yes , but the Holocaust  didn't  kill children .
[00:25:47.120]
So she's  so concerned  with  how  important  her thing  is, which  is human . We're  all like it. She  can  see
the jokes . She  can  see the jokes  about  the Holocaust  famine . I think  she gets  it. She  gets  the joke .
She gets  the irony .
[00:26:04.370]
But she can't  see the wood  for the trees  because  it means  something  to her. So her emotions 
overwhelm  the critical  aspect  of this . Why , you know , if she had  her own  way , all those  other  jokes  are
OK, but not that  one . And  everyone's  a bit like that . I've had  it before . I had  to I did a routine  on early 
thing  about  Anne  Frank . When  I joke  about  as I've been  watching  a lot of Discovery  Channel  and  the
History  Channel  ask me anything  about  sharks  and  Nazis , and  I say about  how  amazing  are sharks  or
amazing  Nazis , horrible  sharks  are amazing  that  I can  they  can  sense  blood  one  part  in a million .
[00:26:44.240]
I do I do this  thing  much  about  a shark  would  have  found  and  frank  like that . But the Nazis  so stupid ,
like every  time  they  go, what's  that  noise ? It's that  topic . And  I mine  the typewriter . I wrote  nothing .
Rats  move  on. And  and  anyway , I do this  routine  that  the Nazis  can't  find  and  find  up, they're  just 
typing  away . And  I got a letter  from  a Jewish  society  in America  saying  we enjoyed  the show , we
enjoyed  the standard , we enjoyed  everything .
[00:27:14.240]
So we were  very  disappointed  about  your  jokes , about  Anne  Frank  with  the accent . But, you know , I
was joking  about  famine  and  consonantal . Yeah . I went , well , I'm joking  about  that . I've got nothing  onit. I think  it's a terrible  thing . And  I explained  to them , you know , I joke  about  the terrible  things . It
doesn't  mean  I condone  them . I, I, you know , I'm the same  person  as you, I think .
[00:27:36.200]
And I went , oh, thank  you for your  explanation . And  then , like, never  worked  out.
[00:27:41.180]
Yeah . It's amazing  that  that  would  actually  have  been  information  to them .
[00:27:45.920]
Exactly . But I get it. I get it. It's hard . It's hard  to divorce  yourself . And  what  people  I've done  on Twitter
before , I I've I've said  what  should  never  be joked  about , what  should  never  be joked  about , and  people
in nice , normal  people  sincerely  answer . And  of course , every  answer  is funny  because  they've 
imposed  this , like one  person  said . Losing  two  children . Right , that's  what  you said  in the bar at two 
rather  than  one .
[00:28:22.610]
I my friend  was  as he lost  to it. This  is very  specific . Like  you could  deal  with  it. You  know , it's mind 
blowing  with  the confidence  that  they  cite .
[00:28:32.730]
Losing  three  children  is funnier . I know . But also  but I listed  that  between  them , they  listed  every 
disease . And  any specific  disease  is funny  because  they  didn't  list all the others . Why  didn't  they  list
all the right  things ?
[00:28:51.360]
So, no, there  is no joke  about  there's  a real  irony  here .
[00:28:56.370]
I guess  irony  captures  the shape  of it. Some  of the same  people  say, like when  I think  about , let's  say,
hiring  someone  and  having  to worry  about  their  history  of tweets . Right . Is there  something  in this 
person's  history  that  is going  to blow  back  on on me or them  and  become  a problem ? Arguably ? You 
know , I shouldn't  think  much  about  that . I don't  tend  to think  much  about  that . But that  is something 
that many  people  think  about  now .
[00:29:23.100]
Whereas  you could  hire  someone  who  has  been  convicted  of murder . Right . Served  their  time  and  you
are now  part  of their  redemption  story . And  the same  people  who  would  try to destroy  you for having 
hired  someone  who's  trailing  some  bad  tweets  would  celebrate  you for hiring  someone  who  killed  the
family  and  has  been  brought  back  into  some  sphere  of redemption  and  forgiven .
[00:29:52.120]
Well , that  well , that's  the thing , isn't  it? That  I think  same  as you. I'm I'm an atheist . But there's  a couple
of things  I quite  like in the Bible . And  one  is that  he was  without  sin cast  the first  stone . I think  people 
have  forgotten  that  in a particular  social  media . I've never  seen  such  vindictive  people  want  any blood 
and wanting  to destroy  people  because  they're  they're  on the wrong  side . And  again , it's tit for tat.
[00:30:15.930]
People  are doing  it. Well , if you're  doing  that , I'm doing  this . And  I did a tweet  a couple  of years  ago . It
was a tweet  about  freedom  of speech  and  it was  a quote  from  Churchill .
[00:30:27.270]
And someone  said , you know , he's  a white  supremacist . And  I tweeted  back , not in that  tweet  is not.
Not to do with  it has  nothing  to do, and  it's not enough  now  that  you can't  if someone  doesn't  like you
liking  someone  for some  reason , then  find  it completely  different  reason  why  you shouldn't  like them ,
because  they're  not on the right  side . No one  looks  at an argument  anymore . They  look  at who's 
saying  it. And  if they're  on the wrong  side , they're  discredited .[00:30:55.020]
There's  no nuance . You  know , like I did a tweet , I'm a typical  old fashioned  lefty  socialist , you know ,
anti racist  and  sexist  and  homophobic  kind  of guy. But if I tweet  about  freedom  of speech , I'm
suddenly  all right . And  it's true  because  it's odd  that  that's  become  a right  wing  thing , because  some 
people  think  the because  free  speech  could  allow  you to say awful  things , that  the concept  of speech 
is the wrong  thing . That's  what's  weird .
[00:31:31.590]
And you need  the only  way  you fight  a horrible , hateful  speech  is nice  speech  proving  that  hateful 
speech  wrong  that  if you curb  free  speech , it's a fun it's an absolute  fundamental  right  that  all other 
rights  rely on.
[00:31:51.360]
And it seems  odd  to me that  people  are willing  to make  exceptions  and  they  come  up with  strange ,
nebulous  terms  like, yeah , not hate  speech . I want  to know  what  what , what , what  speech . Well , it
turns  out that  hate  speech  is something  that  anyone  doesn't  like that  doesn't  want  to be they  don't 
want  to hear  it. Right . Except  there  are people . So, for instance  and  I have  gotten  some  pushback  for
my position  here , but I don't  know  how  closely  you followed  the the platform  of certain  people .
[00:32:23.190]
Like, obviously , Donald  Trump  is the big one . But before  him , Alex  Jones , you know , I was  certainly  in
favor  of kicking  Alex  Jones  off Twitter  and  everywhere  else  he got kicked  off of because  of what  he
was doing . I mean , the fact  that  I mean , to be manufacturing  lies about  parents  who  have  just  had 
their  kids  murdered  are.
[00:32:44.440]
Hold  on. Wait  a minute , though . Now  now  we're  getting  into  it now  because  there  were  loads  of
caveats  to free  speech  already . There  were  loads . And  I agree  with  them . All right . I think  I agree  with 
every  single  one  of them , as I said , from  libel  to slander  to to food  additives , even  to watershed  and 
private  places , because  I agree  with  them  all. But one  the one  I don't  agree  with  is someone's  right  to
not hear  something  they  don't  like.
[00:33:14.190]
That's  what  we can't  do. I say that  joke  is unpleasant . Well , it might  be, but, you know , it's nothing  you
shouldn't  pay in the jungle . You  should  put on their  boots . You  know , you can  walk  away . You  can  turn 
out the best  form  of censorship  is your  right  not to listen . And  people  get confused  what  freedom  of
speech  is. They  think  it's freedom  of speech  is their  right  to be heard  and  understood  and  taken 
seriously  is none  of that .
[00:33:42.000]
You know , it's it's a very  delicate  thing , but it is written . There  are rules . And  all you have  to do is look 
them  up.
[00:33:49.470]
And then , you know , we have  different  rules , too. I mean , you are governed  by things  are far more 
restrictive  in the UK. And  whenever  I hear  about  these  specific  cases  of people  being  brought  to the
attention  of the police  for having  said  something  that  was  offensive  to public  morals  or whatever ,
however  it gets  raised  over  there , it sounds  frankly  insane  to me.
[00:34:11.490]
Well , I mean , that's  the problem  with  the Internet , isn't  it, that  it's global , but rules  are local . But, you
know , it's been  going  people  muddy  the water . You  know , there's  there's  one  side  that  thinks  some 
people  want  free  speech  so they  can  go round  saying  awful  things  all the time . Well , that's  not true .
And even  if it was , let's  look  at that . And  then  the other  side , they  do want  to say awful  things  all the
time  to annoy  the other  side .[00:34:37.740]
So is this  horrible , you know , vicious  circle ? And  but that's  why  we're  not in charge . That's  why  that's 
why we can't  decide  whether  someone  has  the death  penalty  or not. It goes  to a court  of law.
Otherwise , we do things . You  know , if one  of our friends  is murdered  and  they  ask us on the street ,
what  should  we do with  them , kill him . But that  law takes  that  out of it, takes  out this  this  seeing 
through  anger  and  all those  things .
[00:35:10.120]
But the de platforming  taking  Donald  Trump , I'm still torn  about  that  because  I'm the same  as you. I'm
no fan of Donald  Trump . Never  have  been . And  but Twitter  saying  he's  breaking  our rules  is one  thing .
But then  I think  the delicate  thing  about  that  is, is don't  they  become  a publisher  as opposed ?
Platform . So aren't  they  then  responsible  for everyone ? Can  I can  I now  sue people  for saying 
something  horrible  to me on Twitter ? Can  I sue Twitter ?
[00:35:42.950]
It's very  complicated . I think  it's their  edge  cases , certainly , where  it's first  of all, Twitter  has  for this 
whole  time  been  de platforming  people  for ridiculous  things . So by that  standard , Donald  Trump 
should  have  been  de platformed  years  ago . I mean , he really  threatened  nuclear  war  on Twitter .
[00:36:03.290]
Every  single  case  you could  go down  a rabbit  hole  and  argue  about  it forever . And  that's  what  that's 
what  why  we have  to have  principle . And  I think  people  are confused  by principle , I think  is a genuinely
confusing  thing . I know . I get it. I always  get it. I get it. When  someone  backs  down  because  they  lose 
their  livelihood  or their  friends  or their  career  or their  family , you know , its integrity  can  cost . That's 
why it's a valuable  sort  of asset , because  integrity  can  cost  people  everything .
[00:36:38.420]
And, you know , I get it. I get it. Why  people  are scared  to say the wrong  thing  because  they  can  lose  a
job. And  it's easy  to say, well , they  shouldn't . But then  then  someone  to say, what  about  this  guy? And 
you go, wow , that's  different . That's  a different  principle . People , as I say, people  are confused  with 
principle  because  they  have  a million  examples  and  all those  examples  are wrong .
[00:37:01.340]
But on the face  of it, they  look  the same . Someone  got fired . Why ? Well , people  don't  accept  there's  a
sliding  scale  of morality . I think  that's  the problem . There's  this  weird  sort  of binary  so that  if anyone 
has done  something  wrong  and  you don't  like them , they're  Hitler . It's it's as simple  as that . You  know 
what  it was  that  got in trouble ? Someone  got in trouble  for that . The  actress  who  got fired  from 
Disney  for saying  conservatives  like Gina  Carano , sensible  praise  from  the Mandalorian .
[00:37:37.340]
She said  something  like, conservatives  are now  like the Jews  under  Hitler  or something  like that  to the
Jews  during  in the run up to the Holocaust . I actually  don't  like obviously , I don't  support  that 
comparison , but this  idea  that  you can  never  make  a comparison  to Nazis  or Hitler  or the Holocaust .
[00:37:55.130]
No, this  was  weird  because  the people  on the other  side  were  saying  Trump  is like Hitler .
[00:38:00.710]
So surely  that , you know , and  this  is a fucking  stupid  thing  to say also  about  embarrassing , ridiculous 
exaggeration .
[00:38:10.100]
But that's  what  metaphore  is. That's  what  analogy  is. That's  what  in poetry  people  say, you know , I
would  die for you. And , you know , they  do. If you start  taking  everything  literally , there  is no poetry 
anymore  or metaphor  or exaggeration .
[00:38:27.590]Exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . So it's very  difficult . And  sometimes 
it comes  down . The  people  aren't  smart , you know , but I think  sometimes  there's  malice . I think 
people  sometimes  get it, but they  don't  care . They  won't  defend  someone  they  don't  like on principle 
because  they  just  want  to see them  go down .
[00:38:50.820]
Yeah , this  is all too common . Yet the primary  season  I've been  seeing  now  for four  years  is that  the
people  who  don't  like you have  added  a rule  to the rule  book  that  they  deem  ethical . And  it's obviously 
unethical  if they  can  figure  out the worst  possible  construal  of the thing  you said , even  when  it's
obviously  not the intended  meaning , they  will seek  to hold  you to that  and  defame  you on the basis  of
that. So, for instance , you know , in this  case , Gina  Carano  is being  reacted  to like she's  completely 
disregarding  the horror  of the Holocaust  and  thinks  that  what's  happening  to conservatives  in
Hollywood  right  now  is exactly  as bad  as, yeah .
[00:39:39.050]
Rounding  people  up and  putting  them  in the gas  chambers . Now , obviously , I mean , in our defense , it
was just  lazy  and  idiotic , but no one  actually  believes  she believes  that . Right . I know .
[00:39:51.080]
But if it was  a crime , we'd  all be in jail. Yeah , but yeah . And  I understand  there's  degrees  of damage 
and sometimes  all people  want  to you know , it's different  with  an individual  shout  out of a window .
And when  people  think  that  they're  given  a platform , if she was  a present  and  she was  saying  that  on
the BBC  News , I think  there'd  be much  more  of a case  saying  why , why ? Why  is that ? Of course .
[00:40:20.930]
Yeah , this  is something  I really  do think  I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  these  issues .
[00:40:26.690]
I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  freedom  of speech  now . I'm uncomfortable  because  it seems  so
unjust  that  if you defend  it, you're  labelled  right  wing . And  I can  say just  point . Whether  someone's  left
or right  wing  doesn't  win the argument , but you know  what  it does  to them  somewhat , someone  who 
thinks  it is fundamentally  wrong  and  let's  not forget  the people  on all sides  think  they're  right . They 
actually  think  they're  right . They've  convinced  themselves  that  everything  on this  side  is right  and 
everything  on that  side  is wrong  or they've  gone  and  done .
[00:41:05.000]
Everything  on this  side  is right . But if we can  take  down  one  of their  generals , we win the war . You 
know , some  of it is tactical . It is tactical . And  I don't  want  to be caught  up in it. I don't  want  to, you
know , be fired  or hired  or for something  I said  that  I didn't  mean . But as you say, it doesn't  matter  how 
clear  you are, they  take  it out of context  and  they  decide  your  motives .
[00:41:29.630]
But the most  frightening  one  is easily  in 10 years  time , this  conversation  could  get us both  fired .
[00:41:38.360]
Well , I hope  to have  a good  laugh  when  that  happens . I'll see you in two  weeks  now . I mean , dinner .
Tea means  dinner . Wow . I think  it's a working  class  thing .
[00:41:47.780]
I used  to say breakfast , lunch  and  t t was  like six o'clock . But I think  people  say breakfast , lunch  and 
dinner . I it's funny . It's as I get older , so I'll be in bed  often  we watch  some  like European  dramas  and  I
saying  things  like we'll  see you at dinner  tonight . Yes . I'll pick  you up at ten. I want  to fuck  off for you.
[00:42:13.640]
I'll be in bed  then  pick  you up pretty  late . Oh then . But I'll see you later .[00:00:02.530]
Pop, pop , pop , pop , pop . Hey , Ricky , hi, quick  one . I've been  thinking  about  your  your  dream , your  joke 
in your  dream . And  as we comedians  say, I think  it deserves  more .
[00:00:25.110]
Well , a little  bit more . Yeah . Yeah . No, I actually  make  it funny .
[00:00:30.040]
Yeah . Is it is it is. Sometimes  it's funny  for the wrong  reasons  and  on the level . Well  first  of all it's
funny  that  you told  me, it's funny  that  you that  I said  I had  the to that  and  I was  underwhelmed . And 
it's like you've  been  through  that  once  because  the funniest  thing  of course  is an eminent  thinker 
waking  their  partner  up and  going  off just  dreamt  a great  joke . But it just  that's  funny  already .
[00:00:57.720]
All right , listen , you had  Monica  laughing  at the phrase  eminent  thinker . Yeah , well , right .
[00:01:04.380]
But so. So it's so it's good . This  is what  I want  to talk  about . So it sounds  like a joke . It sounds  like a
child's  joke , even  the premise . What  noise  does  a monster  make  right  now ? That's  it. That's  a simple 
you think  it's going  to be a pun . Some  sort  of plan  was  what  noise ? The  mother . But it's better  than 
that because  there's  even  a play  on there  in your  in your  joke  because  we think  it means  a noise .
[00:01:30.810]
A monster  consciously  makes  a roar  or a grrr. But no, it's the it's the involuntary  sound  it makes 
because  it's big and  it's heavy  and  it can't  help  that  noise . It doesn't  want  to make  that  noise . So that's
funny . Already  we even  posed  this  as this  monster  making  this  noise . But it's just  because  he's  big
and heavy . Right .
[00:01:51.780]
So that's  that's  funny , right ? Because  of course . But and  you and  the other  thing  is you've  learned  that 
noise  from  cartoons  and  theater  productions  because  a monster  doesn't  make  that  noise . You've 
learned  not from  cartoons  and  theater  productions . OK, and  here's  what's  the funny  bit for me is that  I
think  you think  that's  funny  in your  subconscious  sort  of dreamy  state , because  I think  you invented 
that. I think  you think  you invented  that  noise . A monster  mix , even  though  you've  learned  it from 
cartoons .
[00:02:28.290]
And that's  why  I think  you think  it's so funny , because  I think  subconsciously  you think , well , that's  a
great  play . That's  a great  play  on what  sound  is. Oh, it's this  one . And  you think  you invented  that ? I
don't  know . There's  some  there's  something  there  that  you were  excited  about , the cleverness  of it. I
don't  know .
[00:02:48.360]
Maybe  I'm very  flattered  that  you've  done  an autopsy  on my psychosis , but I would  describe  it to just 
the frank  psychosis  of the dream  state , literally . That  was  one  of the funniest  things  I had  ever  heard ,
of course .
[00:03:00.990]
And you can't  help  it because  you just  as we said  last  time , use your  brain , just  cut to the emotion  of
having  thought  of the funniest  joke  in the world  without  the workings  out. You  haven't  gone  through 
that process . You  just  got to. And  Jane  reminded  me of one  that  she had  thirty  years  ago . She  woke 
up laughing  and  she said , I just  dreamt  I told  the funniest  joke  and  she was  already  out of it and  knew 
it wasn't  funny .
[00:03:26.190]
But her trying  to tell me the funniest  joke  in the world  because  she knew  how  awful  it was , really  made
me laugh  as well . And  the joke  and  again , it nearly  works  like the joke  was  in her dream . That  was  thefunniest  joke  in the world . The  joke  was , if there's  two  things  in a pot of ivy that  both  leaves  now , that 
that really  does  almost  work .
[00:03:49.470]
Yeah , it almost  worked  because  much  better  than  my joke  is, it's almost  a diss  on the Ivy. That's  all it's
got. If you ask me why , if he's  got it, he's  got two  things .
[00:04:00.150]
It's to some  more  Ivy. Oh dear .
[00:04:06.570]
So yeah , that's  what  I've been  that's  what  I've been  thinking  about .
[00:04:09.870]
What  can't  you joke  about ? Because  you go you go hard . I'm surprised . You  know , occasionally  I recall
how  edgy  you are in certain  context . I mean , like your  Golden  Globes  stuff  is just  just  murder . You're 
murdering  people  in the room  and . Yeah , but have  you course  corrected  in recent  years ? One  of the
things  that  you did a few  years  ago ?
[00:04:34.320]
I sense  the things  I have . I have  a set of rules  and  and  that's  depending  on the forum  as well . I
wouldn't  do a kids  party  and  talk  about  the things  I talk  about , like, you know , in fact , I feel 
uncomfortable , like if I'm doing  something , I try and  make  it 16 and  over  so I can  relax . I'm not I'm not
corrupting  the youth  and  I play  by the rules  of TV in the Golden  Globes  is a very  good  example .
[00:05:05.070]
If you think  about  it. That  was  network  television , a peak  time , five PM that  went  out across  America . I
didn't  break  any broadcast  rules , so it couldn't  have  been  that  bad . How  could  you get away  with 
Dame  Judi  Dench  licking  her?
[00:05:19.430]
I forget  the right  word , but there's  a binge .
[00:05:21.520]
OK, that's  a really  interesting  one . So what  happens  is I think  usually  I was  told  by the production  team
at the Golden  Globes  they'd  like me doing  it because  I'm easy . I turn  up with  a scrap  of paper  with  20
jokes  on it. And  I said , usually  presenters  have  like a team  of 20 writers  for like six weeks  before  and 
after  that , they're  worried  about  it and  they  keep  changing  it and  things  happen . And  I turn  up and  go,
I'm doing  these  things .
[00:05:46.780]
All right . But what  you have  to do is the day before  it has  to be lawyered . And  what  do you call it? We
call it taste  and  decency . You  call it something  else . Standard  and  practices .
[00:05:59.290]
Yes, exactly . And  what  that  usually  means  is that  you can't  do gross  things  that  people  might  find 
offensive  language  libel . I don't  want  to libel  anyone  anyway . I think  I think  I can  work  around  the
language  then  if you can't . And  there's  probably  something  missing , although  we talk  about  that  as
well. I want  to I want  to address  the people , the site . Anyone  can  get a laugh , swearing . I want  to go.
All right . OK, if sell the tickets , go out.
[00:06:26.230]
Go out on when  we and  just  where  it's funny  is my and  usually  it's I've done  it when  there's  one 
person , one  lawyer  just  looks  down .
[00:06:34.510]
Yeah  that's  right . That's  right . That's  right . This  time  I don't  know  why , I don't  know  whether  it was  areflection  of the time  had  they  had  a dream  team  of lawyers .
[00:06:43.370]
Oh there  was  17 people , 17 people  in the room . But it was  it was  exact . Some  of the writers  want  to
come  down  just  to see what  I'd done  will be, you know , you would  scared  the shit  out of them  from 
previous  years .
[00:06:55.060]
Right . This  is your  third  year  running  or something .
[00:06:57.940]
Yeah , for fifth  year , it was  the fifth  year  running  over  a ten year  period . So I think  some  of them  were 
so excited  at the prospect  because  it usually  always  gets  quite  a reaction . And  there  were  the people 
who  write  the other  stuff , because  there's  a part  for me, there's  people  who  write  all the other  intros , if
you know  what  I mean . So there  was  those  guys  there . That  was  the exact  producers , producers  and 
lots of lots  of lawyers .
[00:07:26.850]
And I mean , there's  about  15 people  in the room  and  it's so tough  crowd . So I did my monologue . I did
exactly  as it went  out.
[00:07:37.500]
So you actually  you perform  for that  room  full of lawyers ? Yeah .
[00:07:41.670]
I mean , I'm not I'm I'm not given  everything , but yeah , I do it. I read  the jokes  as well  as I can . So they 
get them  that  there's  there's  a there's  a there's  a mild  performance . But that's  the other  thing  about 
the Golden  Globes . Unlike  my standup  and  obviously  the narrative  stuff  I do, it's much  more  about  the
guy and  they  have  to work . I haven't  got time  to work  in over  six weeks  that  I can't  it's it's more  like a
piece  of poetry .
[00:08:10.080]
It's more  like, you know , a formula . It's got to be fast  and  I'll be set up punchline  laugh . Otherwise , it's
it's too it's too nebulous . It won't  get the laughs  that  you do when , when  you've  got a workout  routine .
So you want  20 zingers . And  even  then  I still try and  do a little  bit of it. Now  if I still try and  you know 
how  I get my jokes  for that . Oh I've done  two  about  him .
[00:08:36.420]
That's  not fair. Or that  looks  like I've got something  against  that  person  because  I have  three  jokes 
about  someone . You  go, what's  the best  one ? So you try and  keep  it fair. I try and  make  it about  the
people  in the room  and  that's  when  I try and  make  it like it couldn't  be in any other  place , any other 
time  in any other  room . I try and  do the classic  court  jester  of of punching  up. I have  a go against  the
broadcast  of the Hollywood  Foreign  Press  and  the richest , most  powerful  people  in in the room .
[00:09:08.310]
I mean , the place  where  you really  just  eviscerated  the whole  room . And  one  person  in particular  was 
the the the when  you went  after  Tim  Cook  and  Apple  for running  sweatshops  and , you know , they 
obviously  cut the Tim  Cook  just  sitting  there  at a banquet  table . And  then  you pivoted  to telling 
everyone  in the room  that  they  had  known  they  were  in no way  entitled  to be sanctimonious , because 
if ISIS  created  a streaming  service , well , they  would  call their  agent  immediately .
[00:09:38.280]
I did that  on purpose  because  that  was  the sort  of theme  of the year . I thought  it was  quite  Zygi  state 
that it felt right  that  people  had  had  enough  of Hollywood  and , you know , and  and  being  lectured  to
and I even  think  I think  we've  talked  about  this  before , that  I even  think  Trump  getting  in was  was 
almost  a protest  vote  against  that  authoritarian  liberalism  for the last  ten years . So I sort  of
addressed  that  without  again , without  taking  a side .[00:10:06.210]
I don't  think  I took  a side .
[00:10:07.650]
But for instance , your  your  slamming  Tim  Cook , there  was  was  that  actually  a lawyered  line? They 
knew  you were  going  to do that .
[00:10:14.370]
Yeah , but don't  forget , I, I, I don't  think  I mentioned  his name . I don't  think  I knew  he was  going  to be
there  and  I certainly  didn't  know  I was  going  to cut to him . So they  made  it. Oh, I don't  know  who 
they're  going  to cut to. I don't  know . I don't  I don't  plan  that . But no, the joke  was  real . Yeah . So the I
thought  the funny  joke  was , this  is a lovely  program .
[00:10:34.890]
And you know  what ? I don't  even  know  that  that's  true . I don't  know  that  it is up itself  or pretentious  or
anything . I've heard  great  things  about  it. The  joke  being  that  I decided  to try and  put in a list to make 
my case , to make  the joke  funnier . And  of course , I went  off to the biggest  corporations . I've got
nothing  against  those  corporations . I did check  the facts  and  the lawyer  said , yeah , that's  fine .
[00:11:03.570]
They  they  quickly  they  quickly  Google  it and  say if we got a case , it but there's  no malice . I haven't  I
haven't  really  got anything  against  anyone  in the room , you know . I mean , it's all for the joke . If the
joke was  better  the other  way  round , I would  have  done  it the other  way  round .
[00:11:18.870]
You know , this  this , this , this  myth  that  every  joke  is a window  to the comedians . True . So I'll change 
that. I'll flip it. I'll pretend  to be left wing . Right  wing . No. When  I'll pretend  to be anything  to make  that 
joke, I'll just  I'll decide . I'll I through  I should  take  the other  side .
[00:11:36.870]
No, because  it was  a joke  but I do think  you were  landing  a deadly  earnest  blow  against  at least  Apple 
there . I mean  that  you because  we were  aware  that  they , you know , they're  they're  outsourcing  the
production  of iPhones  to Foxconn . And  you've  got you literally  have  people  jumping  to their  deaths 
from  the rooftops  of those  factories  because  their  lives  are so intolerable . I mean , that  that  story  had 
been  in the news . And  I mean , you could  read  a more  recent  vein , make  the point  that  Apple  is evading
taxes  by basically  running  its.
[00:12:08.870]
Trillion  dollar  business  through  a post  office  box  in Ireland , right ? It's just  it's incredible , right ? But I'm
sort of saying  to people , I'm not your  man . If you think  that  I'm if I'm if you think  I'm shy. Guevarra  of
the of the capitalist  modern  world , you're  wrong . They  would  they  were  jokes  and  my private  life might
happen  to align  with  the jokes . And  of course , you want  to be on the right  side  unless  unless  you're 
saying  the wrong  thing  for a funny  reason .
[00:12:42.010]
You know , as I say, a lot of my standup , I play  the right  wing  bigot  for comic  effect . You  know , irony  is
a lovely  is a lovely  tool  to deliver  the right  message . That  sounds  like the wrong  message . So you
have  to really  look  at look  at the joke  and  look  deep . And  but in general , I'm not I'm not this  social 
justice  warrior  for either  side  is how  good  is that  joke ? And  of course , the more  truth  there  is to it, the
more  awkward  it is.
[00:13:13.870]
Or, you know , it wouldn't  be fair if it wasn't  true . If if none  of that  was  true , it would  just  wouldn't  be
fair. I mean , I put jokes  out. I've looked  into  it. Oh, it's not true . It's an urban  myth . He didn't  do that  or
that. So I don't  do it because  I don't  I don't  want  to I don't  want  to add  to the to to the myth  and  legend
when  it's bad  or give  someone  a bad  day.[00:13:37.840]
And even  if it's a joke  that  there's  there's  a certain  power , particularly  on that  stage , and  people  make 
their  own  minds  up sometimes . And  what  you're  trying  to do. But I read  the jokes  out and  everyone 
was laughing . Great , great . And  the head  lawyer  went  after  just  one  thing  you said  when  you say so,
this is the joke  they  they  picked  up on. I start  off with  we got to see James  Corden  as a fat pussy .
[00:14:11.590]
It was  also  in the movie  Cats , but no one  saw  them . And  the reviews  I saw  one  that  said  this  is the
worst  thing  to happen  to cats  and  dogs . Dame  Judi  Dench  defended  the movie , saying  it was  the role 
she was  born  to play  because  she likes  nothing  better  than  plunging  herself  down  on the carpet ,
lifting  her leg and  licking  her own  mange . So first  thing  he says  is that  when  you say pussy  there , you
mean  because  he was  in cats  yet?
[00:14:40.970]
But I thought  this  is easy .
[00:14:43.060]
This  is OK. Right . This  is more  of a big question . Right .
[00:14:51.470]
And then  I said  to. Is Minggao  OK? Oh, yeah , it's a it's a funny  euphemism , it's an English  word . I said 
they  won't  even  know  what  it means . I don't  think  Americans  even  use it. And  then  someone  looked 
up and  said , oh, it says  vulgar  term  for vagina . I went , well , of course , it's a vulgar  term  for vagina .
[00:15:12.550]
If you're  not if you're  not a doctor  and  you're  it because  it's a vulgar  term , if you want  to die, it's going 
to be about  everything  that  vulgar  term  for.
[00:15:23.230]
Yeah .
[00:15:23.950]
And they  were  worried  just  because  they  looked  up and  it was  like, you know , the definition  vulgar .
Right . Like  I said , well , what  can  I say for vagina  and  the lawyer  when  you could  say vagina , I went , I'm
not going  to sign  the there's  so much  worse  that  I'm actually  now , you know , it's got to be some  sort 
of funny  twist  to it.
[00:15:50.410]
And sending  this  is just  a funny  word , too. Yeah . I mean , just  a funny  word . It's a it's a it is a
euphemism  is like saying  I didn't  say know , I thought  it would  be safe  because  Americans  would 
guess  what  I meant , but they  wouldn't  be offended  by it because  they  just  learned  that  word . If I make 
up a word  for vagina , it's not offensive  if I suddenly  go to a club . Right . And  you know , that  means 
you're  not offended  by it because  you don't  use it.
[00:16:17.290]
So I went , oh, what  can  I can  I use? And  it was  ten bucks . I was  going  to look  in the same  box .
[00:16:25.550]
The lawyers  are pitching  you.
[00:16:31.150]
Everyone  was  chipping  in. I'm not going  to say that . And  so I said , what  about  Flange ? We say that  as
well. And  I like that  word  minge  and  flange . I like those  angry  words  because  they're  nice  and  funny 
and soft . And  I've used  them  in my flammables  for kids . I say plunging , you know , munged  Fadela  is
the funny  thing  is a funny  syllable . So I went , yeah , that's  fine . And  then  someone  looked  it up, one  of
the six went , oh, it means  it's a slang  term  for something  in a sink  hair  so that  a confusion  went  right .[00:17:08.560]
OK, and  so we went  through  it. Right . And  we're  going  through  all the things .
[00:17:12.750]
So I'm not going  to say that  that's  worse . I'm not going  to say that  that's  where  all this  stuff  I was  once
said  quem  I went , I'm not saying  quem  that's  really  horrible . I don't  actually  even  know  that  word .
[00:17:24.610]
I've never  heard  quim . Yeah , I think  it's old. I think  it's an old Anglo-Saxon  word  maybe . But anyway , it's
a no, it's our worst  connotations , it's like a real  bro word , you know , it's horrible . So I wanted  a playful ,
silly word  for it. The  important  thing  was  I was  talking  about  being  a cop  and  what  cats  do. It's you
know , we will get inside  track .
[00:17:49.800]
Right .
[00:17:50.940]
And so I convinced  them  that  I said , you will not get one  complaint  for the word  change . Why  would 
you get it? But they'd  have  to. They  know  what  I mean , like in their  own  Menge . But they  won't  know 
exactly . They  won't  complain . And  they  went , OK, OK, sign  Minge . And  I went , but you won't  bleep  it,
will you? Because  I thought  if you bleep  it, that's  over  the joke . People  go, what  was  that ?
[00:18:15.690]
I went , no, we won't  believe  it, so we went  with  Menge , they  did bleep  anyway , they  did and  they  did
put it online  and  it was  unbleached , right ? No, they  bleeped  it right . But I knew  they  would . So I
pointed . So I thought  I still won .
[00:18:33.450]
Wow . This  is quite  a game  of chess . I didn't  realize  that  you had  that  going  on just  to A.M. .
[00:18:39.420]
I often  have  to talk  people  down . All my career , I've talked  people  down  to when  they're  worried  about 
someone , they  go over . And  what  they're  worried  about  is writing  a letter  and  one , two . And  very  often .
Would  you explain  to them  what  the joke  is? Because , again , everyone's  human  and  you know  exactly 
how  different  they  they  sometimes  mistake  the subject  of a joke  with  the actual  target . And  they're 
nervous  because  their  jobs  on the line, they  don't  want  to compliance .
[00:19:04.800]
They  don't  want  to get I've never  had  a complaint  upheld  in my whole  career .
[00:19:09.030]
What  about  what  about  personally , with  respect  to the people  you went , do you know ?
[00:19:13.560]
I don't  want  to I don't  want  to know . But I I'm pretty  sure  I give  her the benefit  of the doubt  that  she'd 
have  a sense  of humor . What , what , what , what , what  if I said  that's  so horrible . The  joke  is she acted 
like a cat.
[00:19:28.320]
If you know  and  and  cats  make  their  own  bits , it's as simple  as that . That's  what's  funny , that  you
leave  those  bits  out of art. You  know , it's it's quite  a funny  trope . I'm sure  every  cartoon , every  adult 
cartoon  is showing  a cat or a dog , a show  doing  something  that  cats  and  dogs  do, unlike , you know ,
children's  cartoons . So it was  no big deal  for me. But, yeah , I've often  to talk  people  down  and  explain 
to them  why  it's OK.
[00:19:57.210]I've said  I've offered  I've offered  to write  the letter  and  sometimes  I just  want  someone  to take  charge 
and tell them  why  it's OK if memory  serves .
[00:20:06.270]
I think  they  they  cut to Tom  Hanks  looking  shocked  on your  punch  line there .
[00:20:12.150]
Yeah , that  became  a big mean  the that  people  thought  that  he was  disgusted  enough  himself . I'm not
sure . I just  thought  he thought  cool , didn't  expect  that . And  it did a nice  face  when  the camera  came 
to him . Oh, that  was  a bit that  was  a bit warm  for these  nice . Well  I don't  think  he was  being 
particularly  damning  of me or. I don't  know . I've no idea . And  you see the light . I can't  remember  what 
he actually  did it too.
[00:20:41.610]
I think . I can't  remember  what  you did it.
[00:20:43.800]
I think  it was  it was  on it was  on your  delivery  of minge .
[00:20:49.680]
Go go right . Go right  ahead .
[00:20:51.090]
And somebody  in the control  I get Hanks  has  got something  in his mouth  is a good  work .
[00:20:58.890]
When  I got I remember  after  I got home  and  James  said , oh you should've  said  klunk . I thought  I
should  have  said  Clun  just  perfect  grunge  because  that  system  is English . Again , that  probably  looked
it up and  it would  have  said  vulgar  term  to bits  and  pieces . But I think  it's non-specific  language  as
well. I think  it's men  and  women . It's just  stuff  you shove  into  your  pants , whether  you're  a master .
[00:21:28.200]
Yeah , these  are these  are esoteric  terms . I don't  know  how  philes  you you have  your  deep  in the
euphemism  game  over  there . Oh yeah , yeah , yeah .
[00:21:39.710]
I'm pretty  good  euphemisms  because  they  are a fine  tool  to get round  things  and  but the best  thing  is
make  them  up, make  a word  out. Yeah . It's just , it's just  as good  if you, if you really  don't  want  to get a
complaint  that  the English  are great  euphemisms  because  and  innuendo . I mean  we've  got a whole 
strand  of British  comedy  based  on innuendo  and  that  can  be anything  from  bad  puns  to that . We
there's  a spate  of films  in the sort  of sixties  and  seventies  called  carry  on films  where  it was  all that , it
was all matron  and  someone  would  come  in and  see the building .
[00:22:21.600]
What's  the unsightly  erection ? You  know , it's that  sort  of that  sort  of body . And  then  there  would  be
things  like a doll  wood  shop  and  beauty , which  was  the. Yeah . So we and  we have  a thing  called 
pantomime , which  I don't  think  you have , which  is an old Cinderella  or something , but done  with 
modern  jokes , with  modern  sort  of stars  and  actors . And  it's all it's all in jokes  and  puns  for the
parents  that  the kids  don't  get.
[00:22:56.070]
So a vaudeville  sort  of on two  levels , naughty , naughty  innuendos  that  on the face  of it. So.
[00:23:05.110]
Yeah , yeah . Right . So back  to the question  which  you've  neatly  evaded . Is there  anything  that  you
won't  do now ? It's for instance  you you went  after . Caitlyn  Jenner  hard  few  years  ago , what  did I,
though , did after  did they  know  that's  the thing ? Because  obviously  the the thing  that  was  picked  upout of that  was  the possible  transphobia . But again , I addressed  that  in humanity . Now , my point  is
that I don't  go out there  and  say I'm allowed  to be transphobia .
[00:23:35.600]
I deny  I am transphobia  because  I'm not trans  phobic , just  like I'm not racist  when  I joke  about  race .
It's like I'm not I'm not pro cancer  when  I joke  about  cancer . See , this  is the thing . People  get that  they 
see people  in the audience . They  see a joke  like always  joking  about  famine  is joking  about  cancer  is
joke about , oh, that's  my thing .
[00:23:59.600]
You know , again , humanity . I did a I did a thing  on Jimmy  Fallon , a joke  as I was  on a flight  and  the
announcement  came  over . Someone  is fatally  allergic  to nuts . So we're  not handing  out any nuts  on
this flight . And  I go about  me being  selfish  and  I go, I never  wanted  nuts  more  out that  they  are
infringing  on my human  right  to eat nuts . And  I wish  I bought  my own  nuts  on the joke  being  that  I'm
so selfish  that  if I bought  my own  nuts  on, I would  eat them  and  this  person  would  die.
[00:24:34.220]
And I go so and  I spend  the whole  a whole  day on that  plane  just  because  someone  would  die if I had 
nuts  to avoid  the. And  again , what  I do now  before  I fly is I rub myself  down  in nuts . Right . So the joke 
being  the that  mental  attitude  is that  I can't  have  nuts , but I can  still kill this  person . So clearly  a joke 
and it never  happened . Obviously , none  of that  ever  happened . And  I did it on Jimmy  Fallon .
[00:25:03.500]
And the next  day on Twitter , I woke  up to about  10 tweets , which  will look  at how  dare  you joke  about 
food  allergies . And  I've got a note . And  that  is no laughing  matter . It's disgusting . You  know , many 
people  and  author  ignore  it. And  then  she starts  acting  in Jimmy  Fallon  on NBC . I ignore  it. And  then 
she said , you should  never  joke  about  food  allergies .
[00:25:28.670]
So that  that  was  really . Yeah .
[00:25:33.380]
So I said  that  I joke  about  cancer , AIDS , famine  and  the Holocaust . And  you're  telling  me I shouldn't 
joke about  food  allergies . And  she sent  back . Yes , but the Holocaust  didn't  kill children .
[00:25:47.120]
So she's  so concerned  with  how  important  her thing  is, which  is human . We're  all like it. She  can  see
the jokes . She  can  see the jokes  about  the Holocaust  famine . I think  she gets  it. She  gets  the joke .
She gets  the irony .
[00:26:04.370]
But she can't  see the wood  for the trees  because  it means  something  to her. So her emotions 
overwhelm  the critical  aspect  of this . Why , you know , if she had  her own  way , all those  other  jokes  are
OK, but not that  one . And  everyone's  a bit like that . I've had  it before . I had  to I did a routine  on early 
thing  about  Anne  Frank . When  I joke  about  as I've been  watching  a lot of Discovery  Channel  and  the
History  Channel  ask me anything  about  sharks  and  Nazis , and  I say about  how  amazing  are sharks  or
amazing  Nazis , horrible  sharks  are amazing  that  I can  they  can  sense  blood  one  part  in a million .
[00:26:44.240]
I do I do this  thing  much  about  a shark  would  have  found  and  frank  like that . But the Nazis  so stupid ,
like every  time  they  go, what's  that  noise ? It's that  topic . And  I mine  the typewriter . I wrote  nothing .
Rats  move  on. And  and  anyway , I do this  routine  that  the Nazis  can't  find  and  find  up, they're  just 
typing  away . And  I got a letter  from  a Jewish  society  in America  saying  we enjoyed  the show , we
enjoyed  the standard , we enjoyed  everything .
[00:27:14.240]
So we were  very  disappointed  about  your  jokes , about  Anne  Frank  with  the accent . But, you know , Iwas joking  about  famine  and  consonantal . Yeah . I went , well , I'm joking  about  that . I've got nothing  on
it. I think  it's a terrible  thing . And  I explained  to them , you know , I joke  about  the terrible  things . It
doesn't  mean  I condone  them . I, I, you know , I'm the same  person  as you, I think .
[00:27:36.200]
And I went , oh, thank  you for your  explanation . And  then , like, never  worked  out.
[00:27:41.180]
Yeah . It's amazing  that  that  would  actually  have  been  information  to them .
[00:27:45.920]
Exactly . But I get it. I get it. It's hard . It's hard  to divorce  yourself . And  what  people  I've done  on Twitter
before , I I've I've said  what  should  never  be joked  about , what  should  never  be joked  about , and  people
in nice , normal  people  sincerely  answer . And  of course , every  answer  is funny  because  they've 
imposed  this , like one  person  said . Losing  two  children . Right , that's  what  you said  in the bar at two 
rather  than  one .
[00:28:22.340]
Yes, I my friend  was  as he lost  to it. This  is very  specific . Like  you could  deal  with  it. You  know , it's
mind  blowing  with  the confidence  that  they  cite .
[00:28:32.730]
Losing  three  children  is funnier . I know . But also  but I listed  that  between  them , they  listed  every 
disease . And  any specific  disease  is funny  because  they  didn't  list all the others . Why  didn't  they  list
all the right  things ?
[00:28:51.360]
So, no, there  is no joke  about  there's  a real  irony  here .
[00:28:56.370]
I guess  irony  captures  the shape  of it. Some  of the same  people  say, like when  I think  about , let's  say,
hiring  someone  and  having  to worry  about  their  history  of tweets . Right . Is there  something  in this 
person's  history  that  is going  to blow  back  on on me or them  and  become  a problem ? Arguably ? You 
know , I shouldn't  think  much  about  that . I don't  tend  to think  much  about  that . But that  is something 
that many  people  think  about  now .
[00:29:23.100]
Whereas  you could  hire  someone  who  has  been  convicted  of murder . Right . Served  their  time  and  you
are now  part  of their  redemption  story . And  the same  people  who  would  try to destroy  you for having 
hired  someone  who's  trailing  some  bad  tweets  would  celebrate  you for hiring  someone  who  killed  the
family  and  has  been  brought  back  into  some  sphere  of redemption  and  forgiven .
[00:29:52.120]
Well , that  well , that's  the thing , isn't  it? That  I think  same  as you. I'm I'm an atheist . But there's  a couple
of things  I quite  like in the Bible . And  one  is that  he was  without  sin cast  the first  stone . I think  people 
have  forgotten  that  in a particular  social  media . I've never  seen  such  vindictive  people  want  any blood 
and wanting  to destroy  people  because  they're  they're  on the wrong  side . And  again , it's tit for tat.
[00:30:15.930]
People  are doing  it. Well , if you're  doing  that , I'm doing  this . And  I did a tweet  a couple  of years  ago . It
was a tweet  about  freedom  of speech  and  it was  a quote  from  Churchill .
[00:30:27.270]
And someone  said , you know , he's  a white  supremacist . And  I tweeted  back , not in that  tweet  is not.
Not to do with  it has  nothing  to do, and  it's not enough  now  that  you can't  if someone  doesn't  like you
liking  someone  for some  reason , then  find  it completely  different  reason  why  you shouldn't  like them ,
because  they're  not on the right  side . No one  looks  at an argument  anymore . They  look  at who's saying  it. And  if they're  on the wrong  side , they're  discredited .
[00:30:55.020]
There's  no nuance . You  know , like I did a tweet , I'm a typical  old fashioned  lefty  socialist , you know ,
anti racist  and  sexist  and  homophobic  kind  of guy. But if I tweet  about  freedom  of speech , I'm
suddenly  all right . And  it's true  because  it's odd  that  that's  become  a right  wing  thing , because  some 
people  think  the because  free  speech  could  allow  you to say awful  things , that  the concept  of speech 
is the wrong  thing . That's  what's  weird .
[00:31:31.590]
And you need  the only  way  you fight  a horrible , hateful  speech  is nice  speech  proving  that  hateful 
speech  wrong  that  if you curb  free  speech , it's a fun it's an absolute  fundamental  right  that  all other 
rights  rely on.
[00:31:51.360]
And it seems  odd  to me that  people  are willing  to make  exceptions  and  they  come  up with  strange ,
nebulous  terms  like, yeah , not hate  speech . I want  to know  what  what , what , what  speech . Well , it
turns  out that  hate  speech  is something  that  anyone  doesn't  like that  doesn't  want  to be they  don't 
want  to hear  it. Right . Except  there  are people . So, for instance  and  I have  gotten  some  pushback  for
my position  here , but I don't  know  how  closely  you followed  the the platform  of certain  people .
[00:32:23.190]
Like, obviously , Donald  Trump  is the big one . But before  him , Alex  Jones , you know , I was  certainly  in
favor  of kicking  Alex  Jones  off Twitter  and  everywhere  else  he got kicked  off of because  of what  he
was doing . I mean , the fact  that  I mean , to be manufacturing  lies about  parents  who  have  just  had 
their  kids  murdered  are.
[00:32:44.440]
Hold  on. Wait  a minute , though . Now  now  we're  getting  into  it now  because  there  were  loads  of
caveats  to free  speech  already . There  were  loads . And  I agree  with  them . All right . I think  I agree  with 
every  single  one  of them , as I said , from  libel  to slander  to to food  additives , even  to watershed  and 
private  places , because  I agree  with  them  all. But one  the one  I don't  agree  with  is someone's  right  to
not hear  something  they  don't  like.
[00:33:14.190]
That's  what  we can't  do. I say that  joke  is unpleasant . Well , it might  be, but, you know , it's nothing  you
shouldn't  pay in the jungle . You  should  put on their  boots . You  know , you can  walk  away . You  can  turn 
out the best  form  of censorship  is your  right  not to listen . And  people  get confused  what  freedom  of
speech  is. They  think  it's freedom  of speech  is their  right  to be heard  and  understood  and  taken 
seriously  is none  of that .
[00:33:42.000]
You know , it's it's a very  delicate  thing , but it is written . There  are rules . And  all you have  to do is look 
them  up.
[00:33:49.470]
And then , you know , we have  different  rules , too. I mean , you are governed  by things  are far more 
restrictive  in the UK. And  whenever  I hear  about  these  specific  cases  of people  being  brought  to the
attention  of the police  for having  said  something  that  was  offensive  to public  morals  or whatever ,
however  it gets  raised  over  there , it sounds  frankly  insane  to me.
[00:34:11.490]
Well , I mean , that's  the problem  with  the Internet , isn't  it, that  it's global , but rules  are local . But, you
know , it's been  going  people  muddy  the water . You  know , there's  there's  one  side  that  thinks  some 
people  want  free  speech  so they  can  go round  saying  awful  things  all the time . Well , that's  not true .
And even  if it was , let's  look  at that . And  then  the other  side , they  do want  to say awful  things  all the
time  to annoy  the other  side .[00:34:37.740]
So is this  horrible , you know , vicious  circle ? And  but that's  why  we're  not in charge . That's  why  that's 
why we can't  decide  whether  someone  has  the death  penalty  or not. It goes  to a court  of law.
Otherwise , we do things . You  know , if one  of our friends  is murdered  and  they  ask us on the street ,
what  should  we do with  them , kill him . But that  law takes  that  out of it, takes  out this  this  seeing 
through  anger  and  all those  things .
[00:35:10.120]
But the de platforming  taking  Donald  Trump , I'm still torn  about  that  because  I'm the same  as you. I'm
no fan of Donald  Trump . Never  have  been . And  but Twitter  saying  he's  breaking  our rules  is one  thing .
But then  I think  the delicate  thing  about  that  is, is don't  they  become  a publisher  as opposed ?
Platform . So aren't  they  then  responsible  for everyone ? Can  I can  I now  sue people  for saying 
something  horrible  to me on Twitter ? Can  I sue Twitter ?
[00:35:42.950]
It's very  complicated . I think  it's their  edge  cases , certainly , where  it's first  of all, Twitter  has  for this 
whole  time  been  de platforming  people  for ridiculous  things . So by that  standard , Donald  Trump 
should  have  been  de platformed  years  ago . I mean , he really  threatened  nuclear  war  on Twitter .
[00:36:03.290]
Every  single  case  you could  go down  a rabbit  hole  and  argue  about  it forever . And  that's  what  that's 
what  why  we have  to have  principle . And  I think  people  are confused  by principle , I think  is a genuinely
confusing  thing . I know . I get it. I always  get it. I get it. When  someone  backs  down  because  they  lose 
their  livelihood  or their  friends  or their  career  or their  family , you know , its integrity  can  cost . That's 
why it's a valuable  sort  of asset , because  integrity  can  cost  people  everything .
[00:36:38.420]
And, you know , I get it. I get it. Why  people  are scared  to say the wrong  thing  because  they  can  lose  a
job. And  it's easy  to say, well , they  shouldn't . But then  then  someone  to say, what  about  this  guy? And 
you go, wow , that's  different . That's  a different  principle . People , as I say, people  are confused  with 
principle  because  they  have  a million  examples  and  all those  examples  are wrong .
[00:37:01.340]
But on the face  of it, they  look  the same . Someone  got fired . Why ? Well , people  don't  accept  there's  a
sliding  scale  of morality . I think  that's  the problem . There's  this  weird  sort  of binary  so that  if anyone 
has done  something  wrong  and  you don't  like them , they're  Hitler . It's it's as simple  as that . You  know 
what  it was  that  got in trouble ? Someone  got in trouble  for that . The  actress  who  got fired  from 
Disney  for saying  conservatives  like Gina  Carano , sensible  praise  from  the Mandalorian .
[00:37:37.340]
She said  something  like, conservatives  are now  like the Jews  under  Hitler  or something  like that  to the
Jews  during  in the run up to the Holocaust . I actually  don't  like obviously , I don't  support  that 
comparison , but this  idea  that  you can  never  make  a comparison  to Nazis  or Hitler  or the Holocaust .
[00:37:55.130]
No, this  was  weird  because  the people  on the other  side  were  saying  Trump  is like Hitler .
[00:38:00.710]
So surely  that , you know , and  this  is a fucking  stupid  thing  to say also  about  embarrassing , ridiculous 
exaggeration .
[00:38:10.100]
But that's  what  metaphore  is. That's  what  analogy  is. That's  what  in poetry  people  say, you know , I
would  die for you. And , you know , they  do. If you start  taking  everything  literally , there  is no poetry 
anymore  or metaphor  or exaggeration .[00:38:27.590]
Exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . Comedy  is exaggeration . So it's very  difficult . And  sometimes 
it comes  down . The  people  aren't  smart , you know , but I think  sometimes  there's  malice . I think 
people  sometimes  get it, but they  don't  care . They  won't  defend  someone  they  don't  like on principle 
because  they  just  want  to see them  go down .
[00:38:50.820]
Yeah , this  is all too common . Yet the primary  season  I've been  seeing  now  for four  years  is that  the
people  who  don't  like you have  added  a rule  to the rule  book  that  they  deem  ethical . And  it's obviously 
unethical  if they  can  figure  out the worst  possible  construal  of the thing  you said , even  when  it's
obviously  not the intended  meaning , they  will seek  to hold  you to that  and  defame  you on the basis  of
that. So, for instance , you know , in this  case , Gina  Carano  is being  reacted  to like she's  completely 
disregarding  the horror  of the Holocaust  and  thinks  that  what's  happening  to conservatives  in
Hollywood  right  now  is exactly  as bad  as, yeah .
[00:39:39.050]
Rounding  people  up and  putting  them  in the gas  chambers . Now , obviously , I mean , in our defense , it
was just  lazy  and  idiotic , but no one  actually  believes  she believes  that . Right . I know .
[00:39:51.080]
But if stupid  was  a crime , we'd  all be in jail. Yeah , but yeah . And  I understand  there's  degrees  of
damage  and  sometimes  all people  want  to you know , it's different  with  an individual  shout  out of a
window . And  when  people  think  that  they're  given  a platform , if she was  a present  and  she was  saying
that on the BBC  News , I think  there'd  be much  more  of a case  saying  why , why ? Why  is that ? Of
course .
[00:40:20.690]
Yeah , yeah . This  is something  I really  do think  I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  these  issues .
[00:40:26.690]
I'm uncomfortable  talking  about  freedom  of speech  now . I'm uncomfortable  because  it seems  so
unjust  that  if you defend  it, you're  labelled  right  wing . And  I can  say just  point . Whether  someone's  left
or right  wing  doesn't  win the argument , but you know  what  it does  to them  somewhat , someone  who 
thinks  it is fundamentally  wrong  and  let's  not forget  the people  on all sides  think  they're  right . They 
actually  think  they're  right . They've  convinced  themselves  that  everything  on this  side  is right  and 
everything  on that  side  is wrong  or they've  gone  and  done .
[00:41:05.000]
Everything  on this  side  is right . But if we can  take  down  one  of their  generals , we win the war . You 
know , some  of it is tactical . It is tactical . And  I don't  want  to be caught  up in it. I don't  want  to, you
know , be fired  or hired  or for something  I said  that  I didn't  mean . But as you say, it doesn't  matter  how 
clear  you are, they  take  it out of context  and  they  decide  your  motives .
[00:41:29.630]
But the most  frightening  one  is easily  in 10 years  time , this  conversation  could  get us both  fired .
[00:41:38.360]
Well , I hope  to have  a good  laugh  when  that  happens . I'll see you in two  weeks  now . I mean , dinner .
Tea means  dinner . Wow . I think  it's a working  class  thing .
[00:41:47.780]
I used  to say breakfast , lunch  and  t t was  like six o'clock . But I think  people  say breakfast , lunch  and 
dinner . I it's funny . It's as I get older , so I'll be in bed  often  we watch  some  like European  dramas  and  I
saying  things  like we'll  see you at dinner  tonight . Yes . I'll pick  you up at ten. I want  to fuck  off for you.
[00:42:13.640]
I'll be in bed  then  pick  you up pretty  late . Oh then . But I'll see you later .[00:00:06.810]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this  conversation 
in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris 
dog. There  you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along  with  other 
subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible  entirely 
through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.940]
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  that  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . Today , I'm speaking  with  Frank  Weltech . Frank  won  the Nobel  Prize  in
physics  in 2004  for work  he did as a graduate  student .
[00:01:10.720]
He was  also  one  of the earliest  MacArthur  Fellows  and  he has  won  many  other  awards  for his
scientific  work  and  writing . He's  the author  of several  books , but most  recently  he has  published  a
fantastic  primer  on the state  of physics , and  that  is called  Fundamentals  10 Keys  to Reality . He's  also 
written  for The  Wall  Street  Journal . He is currently  a professor  of physics  at MIT  and  he's  also  the
chief  scientist  at They  Will  Check  Quantum  Center  in Shanghai , China .
[00:01:42.750]
And he also  has  appointments  at Arizona  State  University  and  Stockholm  University . Busy  man ,
anyway , you will hear  that  Frank  is a wonderful  explainer  of physics , and  I really  couldn't  have  asked 
for a better  guide  to this  terrain . We discussed  the difference  between  science  and  non  science , the
role that  intuition  plays  in science . And  then  we plunge  into  the matter  at hand , we discuss  the nature 
of time , the prospect  that  possibility  is an illusion  and  that  only  the actual  is ever  real .
[00:02:19.830]
We talk  about  the current  limits  of quantum  mechanics , the uncertainty  principle , spacetime  as a
substance , the unreasonable  effectiveness  of mathematics  in science . And  the possibility  that  we
might  be living  in a simulation , we cover  the fundamental  building  blocks  of matter  as we know  it, the
structure  of atoms , the four  fundamental  forces  wave  particle  duality . The  electromagnetic  spectrum ,
the many  worlds  interpretation  of quantum  mechanics , the prospect  of infinite  space  time , we really 
get the full tour  here  and  I thoroughly  enjoyed  it.
[00:02:57.820]
And now , without  further  delay , I bring  you Frank , we'll  check . I am here  with  Frank  will check . Frank ,
thanks  for joining  me of a very  great  pleasure  to be here . You  have  written  a wonderfully  accessible 
book  and  you've  written  several  books . But the new  one  is Fundamentals  10 Keys  to Reality . And  I
highly  recommend  people  read  it because  it's just  a a fantastic  and  just  amazingly  digestible 
introduction  to really  the whole  history  of physics . But our modern  picture  of the universe , which  we'll 
talk about  here , but by no means  fully  cover .
[00:03:41.610]
But before  we jump  in, how  is it that  you have  an opinion  about  the nature  of physical  reality , what  it
could  maybe  summarize  your  your  intellectual  perch  over  there  in Massachusetts ? Well , I I grew  up
very curious  about  the world  from  many  points  of view . During  a time  when . Science  was  very  highly 
valued , partly  because  of the Cold  War  and  the memory  of World  War  Two , which  was  relatively  fresh ,
although  that  was  before  my time . And  so at the same  time , I was  very  interested  in cosmic  things .
[00:04:22.570]
I was  very  I was  raised  in the Catholic  Church . So I got exposed  to these  ideas  that  there  are deeper 
meanings  to the world . And  read  Bertrand  Russell  read , Einstein  was  a big hero . So it sort  of seemed 
like a very  narrow  sort  of seem  like very  natural  to me to deepen  my knowledge  of science  and 
physical  reality . And  that's  what  I spent  the bulk  of my life doing . And  it's been  a great  trip and  I'velearned  a lot have  it a lot of surprises , a lot of adventures , a lot of positive  feedback  and  and  I feel  I've
learned  a lot.
[00:05:07.020]
If I if I if I could  transport  myself  back  to myself  as a teenager , I would  have  a lot to convey . And  that's 
that's  one  of the things  that  I was  thinking  about  as I wrote  this  book . The  the other  spur  to it was 
conversations  with  intelligent  friends  who  wanted  to know  what  I was  doing , what  I had  learned ,
what's  really  going  on at the frontiers  of science , how  do you separate  the wheat  from  the chaff ? And 
and and  also  what  does  it all mean ?
[00:05:40.350]
So so I really  wanted  to take  the opportunity  to answer  my friend's  questions  and  my own  questions 
from  way  back  when  and  at the same  time . And  just  fortuitously  at the same  time , my grandson  was 
born  and  I started  to think  about  what  I'd like to tell him  when  he's  asked  these  questions  and  also 
watching  the process  of how  he constructed  his world , making  basic  distinctions  between  self  and 
not self , and  getting  the idea  that  the world  is organized  into  a three  dimensional  space  with  objects 
that have  some  kind  of permanence  and  regularity .
[00:06:21.270]
These  very  basic  things  we. Learn  about  the world  that  get us get us by very  well , and  yet I reflected 
that the scientific  view  that  is revealed  to our most  accurate  experiments  and  critical  thinking  once 
we use telescopes  and  microscopes  and  spectrometers  and  accelerometers  and  all the other  kinds  of
things  that  allow  us to get more  accurate  perceptions  and  also  to think  and  also  to think  critically 
about  them . It's a different  world . And  I'd like to say you have  to be born  again  to come  to terms  with 
reality .
[00:06:59.670]
You have  to not only  learn  some  things , but also  unlearn  some  rules  of thumb  that  that  you construct 
for yourself  as a child .
[00:07:08.700]
Yeah , well , I would  like to try to recapitulate  that  journey  for our audience  here  and  really  start  with  the
the minimum  set of assumptions  and  and  overturn  some  of the assumptions  that  that  make  it
difficult  to think  scientifically . I'm struck  with  how  unintuitive  many  of the tools  of scientific  thinking 
are, and  they're  hard  to make  intuitive . Some  may  we kind  of bootstrap  ourselves  to new  intuitions  on
the basis  of others  that  are almost  defied  by where  we land  before  we jump  into  the physics  of things .
[00:07:51.120]
Maybe  we can  start  by differentiating  science  from  non  science . And  I guess  one  way  to do that , and 
this is actually  something  you you mentioned  early  in the book , is to describe  why  something  like
astrology  isn't  science . How  do you make  how  you demarcate  science  from  non  science ?
[00:08:13.290]
And that's  just  a conceptual  endeavor . Yes , it's a it's actually  a complex  question . And  the short 
answer  is that  science  works  and  on science  doesn't  work .
[00:08:26.880]
So it could  have  been  that  it could  have  been  that  you could  make  successful  predictions  for people's 
personalities , for their  destiny  based  on the positions  of things  in the sky when  they  were  born .
[00:08:43.080]
But over  centuries  of trying  to refine  that  that  possibility  into  an actual  tool  for making  useful 
predictions , it hasn't  been  very  successful , whereas  a very  different  interpretation  of what  the things 
we mete  out in the sky mean  and  the forces  they  exert  and  what  kinds  of influences  they  could 
possibly  have  back  here  on Earth  has  been  much  more  successful . That's  kind  of led to one 
successful  prediction  after  another . And  nowadays  we can  put men  in space  and  really  do many 
impressive  things  with  GPS  system .[00:09:23.520]
And look  look  back  to the Big Bang  and  make  predictions  about  how  distant  galaxies  are going  to
look  and  how  the microwave  background  that's  put together  and  many , many  other  things  that  that 
work . So we have , on the one  hand , a coherent  body  of explanations  that's  built  on patient .
Investigation  with  the most  accurate  instruments  we can  find  and  demanding  very  high  standards  of
proof , know  they're  trying  to push  things  as hard  as possible , make  them  quantitative , make  them 
precise , worrying  when  things  don't  quite  agree , instead  of trying  to explain  it away .
[00:10:04.220]
And that's  been  so, you know , you can  compare  and  contrast  and  you know  it when  you see it. One  of
them  is scientific , the other  is not scientific . I think  that  that's  that's  the difference .
[00:10:15.890]
I mean , so it's not even  it's not even  the subject  matter  so much  as the approach  and  whether  whether
it's critical , whether  it takes  correction  and  whether  it works .
[00:10:29.420]
And those  are those  are the defining  criteria , whether  it's scientific , that  if we could  put the final  nail in
the coffin  of astrology , it seems  to me obviously  disprovable  in at least  two  ways  or one  and  a half 
way. And  one  way  to to see that  it's almost  certainly  not true  in its basic  assumptions  is to recognize 
that this  idea  that  the position  of the stars  and  planets  must  affect  the life course  of a of a person 
born  based  on the time  and  place  of their  birth .
[00:11:04.370]
That's  belied  by the fact  that  that  a doctor  or nurse  walking  by in the hall exerts  more  of nature's 
forces  on the child  than  anything  up in the heavens .
[00:11:15.290]
Yes, if you take  seriously  the successful  description  of the world , there's  no room  in it for such 
astrological  influences . That's  that's  that's  true . So, so. And  on the other  hand , we have  a lot of
circumstantial  evidence  that  it's I mean , we have  a lot of more  than  circumstantial  evidence  that  the
principles  of that  description  are remarkably  complete .
[00:11:37.670]
And so the fact  that  there's  no room  for it for astrological  influences  means  there  are no astrological 
influences . I think  that's  fair.
[00:11:46.550]
And even  short  of that , even  if even  if we didn't  accept  physics  yet, you could  still run the experiment 
of finding  two  babies  born  at the same  moment  in the same  hospital . Yes . You  know , mere  feet  apart .
And you just  have  to find  two  such  babies  that  have  importantly  different  lives .
[00:12:03.380]
Well , famously , people  talked  about , I think , going  back  to St. Augustine , if not earlier , because  St.
Augustine  didn't  like astrology  either . And  he argued  about  identical  twins  having  very  different  faith .
Right . And  you might  say they're  well , they're  not quite  at the same  time . But if your  predictions 
depend  so sensitively  on the exact  time  they're  there , they're  almost  impossible  to make  in practice .
So. So it becomes  empty , right ?
[00:12:31.850]
Yeah . OK, well , now  we've  pissed  off the astrologers . We can  move  on to the more  controversial .
[00:12:37.240]
You know , you can  you can  have  fun with  it if you if you have  a sense  of humor  and  it gives  some 
people  it gives  people  a thing  to talk  about  and  break  the ice sometimes  on dates  or whatever . But but
no, as as as as a serious  enterprise  for predicting  the future  or predicting  someone's  personality . Idon't  think  it's serious  at all.
[00:12:59.280]
All of the fun you should  have  with  it is to give  everyone  Charles  Manson's  astrological  chart  and 
notice  that  virtually  everyone  finds  something  resonant  in it with  their  own  personality  until  they  find 
out who  started  it. So then  let's  start  with  this  issue  of intuition  and  how  we use it in reason  generally 
and in science  specifically . And  many  of the intuitions  we need  to use in science  are. Mathematical 
and they  get pushed  into  areas  where  most  people's  intuitions  reliably  fail.
[00:13:35.580]
I guess  I'm wondering  if I think  everybody's  until  they  hear , but the only  way  to build  up intuition  is to
sort of work  with  nature  and  think  about  examples  and  think  about  very  simple  examples  and  get to
more  complicated  ones  and  figure  out what  the equations  and  experiments  are telling  you.
[00:13:55.140]
So here's  a very  simple  one  which  boggles  the minds  of most  people . I'm wondering  if you, as a a
physicist  and  and  mathematician , ever  really  get your  intuitions  around  this ? You  take  something  like
the the validity  of exponentiation . The  very  simple  way  to to illustrate  its power  is that  you ask
someone  what  would  happen  if you could  take  a very  large  sheet  of newsprint  and  fold  it upon  itself 
100 times  in a row . Right . And  since  people  imagine  doing  this  and  they  sense  that  there's  some  trick 
in the offing  here , but when  you ask them  how  thick  the resulting  object  would  be, many  people 
suggest  something  like the size  of a brick  or they  get to see how  the trick  is done  and  they  think , well ,
maybe  it could  be 10 feet  tall.
[00:14:44.010]
If you could  you could  fold  a piece  of paper  that  that  many  times . But of course , it's light  years  across 
this galaxy  size . If you could  do such  a thing , if you keep  it up right  now , do you actually  have  an
intuition  for that  or do you just  know  that  the powers  of two  have  those  consequences ? Well , I do in
the sense  that  I can  very  quickly  figure  out what  the answer  is and  I'm not shocked  by it.
[00:15:08.490]
So and  that's  I guess  that  if you if you want  to call that  intuition , I guess . Yes . And  I also  you know , I'm
also  alert  to the fact  that  this  kind  of question  is taking  me out of the realm  of familiar  experience .
Right . Very  rapidly . So so that's  that's  what  I meant  by building  up intuition . You  build  up intuition  by
thinking  about  hard  examples  and  thinking  them  through  and  really  digesting  them . And  then  you can 
have  intuition  that's  correct  and  useful  about  things  that  you didn't  have  intuition  about  before , when 
where  you had  incorrect  intuitions .
[00:15:45.540]
That's  that's  that's  a small  example  of this  process . I love  to call being  born  again  that  that  you have 
to go back  and  really  open  yourself  up to reality  and  take  it as it comes  and  speak  and  speak  its
language  in order  to get the most  out of it.
[00:16:06.840]
OK, well , let's  see if we can  baptise  everyone  with  the vision  science  here . Yes . So here's  the starting 
point  for apes  like ourselves , with  our open  eyes  and  outstretched  hands , we interrogate  the world 
around  us. We, as you point  out at a certain  point , differentiate  ourselves  from  the world  and  we begin
to act in it and  upon  it. And  we develop  intuitions  about  space  and  time  as the context  of our
adventures  here . And  we have  a sense  of events  that  happen  in space  and  time .
[00:16:46.330]
So things  seem  to happen . Yes . And  we have  a a thirst  for at a certain  point , we have  a thirst  for a
causal  explanation  for why  and  how  things  happen  and . And  we have  some  sense  that  with  an
explanation , we'll  be able  to be less  surprised  in the future  by future  happenings . Let's  start  with  time 
and obviously  we're  going  to land  in space  time  eventually  and  a more  sophisticated  description  of
things . But how  do physicists  think  about  time ?[00:17:21.060]
Well , there's  a lot to be said  about  time . In fact , the accurate  measurement  of time  using  atomic 
clocks  is one  of the great  frontiers  of physics  now . We can  we can  synthesize  clocks  that  lose  or gain 
time  relative  to one  another  at the level  of one  second  over  the lifetime  of the universe . And  accurate 
clocks  are a central  central  feature  of the GPS  system  and  all kinds  of things . So we have  successful 
ways  of measuring  time .
[00:17:59.090]
And of course , our whole  apparatus  of predicting  what's  going  to happen  in future  is based  on using 
equations  that  contain  a variable  called  T.
[00:18:11.910]
That's  time  that  is has  is is what  is the basis  of our intuitive  notion  of time ? I don't  think  there's  a
separate  thing . That's  our intuitive  notion  of time , but our intuition  is is a has  I say a handy  description
of the underlying  physical  reality  that  people  have . Captured  in the equations  and  the basic  equations 
that describe  how  the world  works , and  it's very  remarkable  because  there's , well , the deepest  facts 
about  time  or is that  it's a one  dimensional  manifold  and  and  that  there's  only  one  time  everybody ,
everybody  and  everything  in the universe  marches  to the same  beat .
[00:18:57.700]
It's an amazing  thing . If you think  about  it, it didn't  have  to be that  way . Computers  don't  necessarily 
work  that  way . You  can  ship  things  off to another  module  that  runs  at a different  speed  and  so forth .
Are memories  and  psychology  certainly  don't  work  that  way . We can  look  back , we can  leap  into  the
future . But the physical  world . And  it seems  to. It seems  to. We have  only  one  time  that  everybody 
agrees  on and  we humans  sort  of experience  that  in music  and  dance  when  we can  keep  time  with 
ourselves  and  also  with  others  and  not run into  inconsistencies .
[00:19:34.480]
But the time  of intuition  is a measure  of change , right . We have  things  in the world  that  change  with  a
certain  frequency . And  these  things  are clocks . You  can  either  something  you point  out in your  book 
that we make  a lot of this , but certain  things  are reliable  clocks . But really  everything  is a clock . Your 
aging  body  is a clock . Everything  is a clock . That's  right . I like to say everything  is the clock . Some  of
them  are harder  to read  than  others .
[00:20:00.940]
But the precise  meaning  of that , if you think  about  it, is that  when  you write  down  the equations  that 
describe  change , there  is a quantity  in those  equations  called  T. And  as I said , there's  only  one  such 
quantity  that  seems  to work  for everybody . And  that  so in principle , if you measure  the change , you
can infer , you know , a measure  of what's  happened . You  can  infer  how  much  T has  changed . And 
everything  is a clock  in a broad  sense .
[00:20:30.400]
But of course , we want  to have  clocks  that  are portable  and  and  reusable  so you can  keep  measuring 
an interval  of time  accurately  the same  time  over  and  over  again  and  things  like that . So when  we
when  we think  of clocks  as as the instruments  of time , it's it's a special  case  where  where  they  are
specially  adapted , adapted  to make  the the readout  of time  easy . But but in a larger  sense , everything 
that changes  as a clock . I think  that  that's  correct .
[00:21:02.230]
I mean , human  beings  are clocks . They  age . So in principle , if you could  study  the cellular  processes 
really  accurately , you might  be able  to to use a human  as an actual  clock . But if we can  all do that 
roughly , we can  estimate  people's  age  and  so forth .
[00:21:18.180]
Mhm . Yeah . Every  time  I look  in the mirror  in the morning , I know  what  time  it is, it's later . But what  do
we make  of this  intuition  that  time  itself  flows  or moves  because  of what , what  we're  talking  about  is
a measure  of change . Yeah . And  against  what  could  we say. Time  is changing  or moving . That  seemslike a a contradiction  a time  itself . Yeah . Yeah . Time  itself . I'm I'm afraid  I won't  be able  to give  you a
really  satisfying  answer , because  in the current  formulation  of physics , the fact  whether  I mean  the
axiom , I guess  the assumption .
[00:21:59.690]
That  time  is a one  dimensional  continuum  is rock  bottom . We don't  know  how  to explain  it in terms  of
anything  simpler , at least  I certainly  don't  and  I haven't  seen  anyone  else  do that  either . So, in fact ,
what's  truly  amazing  to me is that  and  I don't  understand  that  and  I don't  like it in some  sense , is that 
the concept  of continuum  that  was  developed  by the ancient  Greeks  and  is in Euclidean  geometry , for
instance , that  you have  this  infinitely  divisible  uniform  essence  is what  we use for time  in the basic 
equations  of physics , even  though  we know  that  in reality  things  really  change  when  you get to short 
distances .
[00:22:48.860]
In short  times , you have  to bring  in quantum  mechanics  and  things  that  have  irreducible  jiggle  and 
fluctuations  and  wave  functions . It's a completely  different  world  in many  ways , and  yet they're  still in
the equations . There  is this  one  dimensional  continuum . It's time  that  Euclid  would  have  recognized .
[00:23:11.090]
In what  sense  might  time  be an illusion ? Is that  or just  a mere  construct  that  is useful  for modeling 
the change  we see in the world ? But but I mean , like what  happened  to the concept  of a block 
universe  in physics ?
[00:23:25.760]
There  might  be that  well  there  there  might  be deeper  levels  of description  not yet constructed . So it's
hard  to talk  about  what  they  are with  any precision . But I can't  preclude  the possibility . I mean , I'm very
sympathetic  to the possibility  that  there  would  be deeper  levels  of description  in which  these 
Euclidean  concepts  of continuum  run out of steam  and  we have  to be replaced  by something  else .
But so the idea  that  there  are atoms  of time  that  time  is fundamentally  discrete .
[00:23:59.140]
I think  if they're  going  to be atoms , they  probably  have  to be atoms  of spacetime  will come  to that .
[00:24:03.770]
But I guess  but the fact  that  that  the continuum  has  to be replaced  by something  else  I think  is is a
very appealing  thought , because  continuum  is a very , very  complicated  concept  if you try to define  it
precisely  in axiomatically , the ancient  Greeks  really  struggled  with  it. And  it's really  only  in the 19th 
and 20th  century  that  mathematicians  got to a satisfactory  description . But it's really  complicated . It's
not it's not simple  and  it's not the sort  of thing  that  I would  like to have  as rockbottom  in our
description  of reality .
[00:24:39.870]
Hmm . I'm tempted  to open  that  door  and  find  out why  a continuum  axiom  is imponderable , but maybe
we'll  get to that . I just  I want  to linger  on time  for a second . What's  happened  to this  concept  of a
block  universe  that  was  a maybe  100  year  old notion  in physics , the idea  that  past  and  present  and 
future  might  all exist  simultaneously , despite  the fact  that  we seem  to perceive  it through  a keyhole  of
a seemingly  moving  present ?
[00:25:10.340]
Yes.
[00:25:11.030]
Yeah , well , that  that's  more  an attitude , I would  say, than  that . Then  a strict . A distinct  statement  about
the universe . I mean , mathematically , if you have  a one  dimensional  continuum  of time  and  then  you
have  space  and  events  inside , you can  describe  three  dimensional  space  plus  plus  one  dimensional 
time  as a three  plus  one  or four  dimensional  space .[00:25:38.730]
And then  it's just  a space  and  but the I guess  the and  that's  a very  legitimate  object  of contemplation 
and sort  of that's , if you like, a God's  eye view . You  can  see everything  that's  ever  going  to happen  or
did happen  all at once . If you could  stand  outside  this  four  dimensional  space  and  just  look  at it,
although  in some  sense  it didn't  happen  in that  case .
[00:26:01.650]
Right . Then  the notion  of an event  is an epic  phenomenon  of just  how  we're  how  limited  our
perception  is. But in some  sense  and  also  the notion  of possibility , I mean , we live in this  in this  space 
of time  and  space  and  space  time  where  there  are events  which  we think  could  have  not happened  or
happened  differently . And  possibility  is a thing . But in a block  universe , there's  no such  thing  as the
possible . There's  only  the actual . And  it's just  it's not even  certainly  not punctate  in the same  in a way 
that an event  is so to talk  about .
[00:26:36.240]
There's  no process . There's  just  there's  no verbs , really . There's  just  a single  noun  of the actual . And  it
does  make  a mockery  of of of time  and  events  and  and  possibility .
[00:26:50.590]
Yeah , well , that's  the God's  eye view . And  yes, you can  you can  imagine  a consciousness , I suppose ,
that just  knows  all and  sees  it all at once . Although  you might  ask, how  is that  entity  thinking ? What 
how  does  it implement  logical  operations  or information  processing ? And  I don't  know  that  that's  I
think  that  leads  to madness . But what  I was  going  to say is I think  the thing  that  can  be said  about  this
question  is that  the laws  of physics  as we have  them  now .
[00:27:28.610]
Directly  statements  about  this  blog  world  that  they're  not directly  statements  about . All of space  time ,
they  are statements  about  if you take . A slice  at any particular  time , you and  know  the state  of the
universe  know  what  all the particles  in it are doing  and  in a quantum  mechanical  description , what  the
wavefunction  of everything  is. So this  is far beyond  what  you can  actually  know . But if you did in
principle , you could  calculate  what's  going  to happen  in the future  and  what's  going  to happen  in the
past .
[00:28:03.650]
But it does  have  this  natural  division  into . Slices  and  you have  to take  you have  to start  somewhere  in
order  to reconstruct  the whole  thing  so the laws  don't  naturally  describe . The  whole  thing , they 
describe  how  things  develop  in time , at least , at least  the laws  we have  now  have  that  character . And 
then , of course , the other  question  is that  what  is this  description  for? Who  is this  description  for?
[00:28:31.270]
If it were  for God ? Well , then  the block  description  might  be appropriate . But for us poor  mortals  who 
are moving  along  world  lines  in space  time , it's very  useful  to have  a description  that's  not the blocked
universe  that  gives  us tells  us how  the different  snapshots  get put together  and  so forth . Let's  step 
back  from  the God's  eye view  and  get into  space  time  and  acknowledge  the the reality  of events . But
even  in this  context , you have  quantum  mechanics  now  governing  our understanding  of how  things 
happen  at the smallest  scale .
[00:29:07.960]
That  seems  to give  us a probabilistic  picture  of of what's  going  to happen  in the future . And  I'm
wondering  if even  even  within  that  frame , if it's possible  this  will sound  paradoxical . But is it if it's
possible  that  the idea  of the possible  is mistaken ? I mean , given  that  there  is simply  what  happens ,
how  can  you justify  the possible ? I think  that  question  is very  much . I think  that  is very  much  an open 
question . The  there  are aspects  of quantum  mechanics  that  are deeply  mysterious  and  I think  subject
to change  in the future .
[00:29:47.890]
If we understand  things  better , we may  or may  not need  to to change  the equations . But for sure , Ithink  we need  a deeper  understanding  of quantum  mechanics  is less  than  100  years  old, and  it's a
profound  modification  of how  we understand  the world  that's  going  to take  a while  to really  absorb .
But if you study , if you take  a look  at how  the equations  are actually  formulated , they  are deterministic
equations .
[00:30:14.860]
But they  are determinists  so that  so if you know  and  they  are deterministic  equations  for something 
called  wavefunction , so if you know  the wavefunction  at one  time , then  in principle  you can  solve  the
equations  to figure  out what  the wavefunction  and  therefore  the universe  is going  to be at the next 
time  or what  it was  at the past  time , for that  matter .
[00:30:39.820]
You can  always  run them  backwards , however , and  this  is this  is what's  really  weird . You  can't  know 
the wavefunction  completely . Right . So the equation , we want  you to tell it the wavefunction , but you
don't  you don't  know  the wavefunction . Not  all, not only  in practice , but even  in principle . You  don't 
know  the wavefunction  because  you have  to make  incompatible  process . You  have  to do
incompatible  processing  on it to extract  all this  information , putting  it roughly  but precise .
[00:31:10.630]
But but there  is a precise  formulation . So, for instance , the Heisenberg  Uncertainty  Principle  tells  you
that even  though  you have  a perfectly  definite  wavefunction , if you want  to answer  questions  about 
the position  of a particle , you have  to process  that  in one  way . If you have  to if you want  to answer 
questions  about  its momentum , you have  to process  it in a different  way . And  those  two  ways  of
processing  are mutually  incompatible . So you can't  actually  predict  either  one  because  you have 
incomplete  knowledge .
[00:31:44.530]
So that's  the situation . Do we have  equations  that  are perfectly  definite ? That  would  be perfectly 
definite  to an observer  who  knew  the wavefunction  completely . But we're  not that . And  we have  to
deal  with  what  are what  are the consequences  we can  draw  from  the limited  information  that  we
have , including . Well , let's  let's  assume  the equations  are correct , but we don't  know  exactly  what 
they're  acting  upon . So we only  get probabilistic  predictions , but it's deeper  than  a a methodological 
limitation , right ?
[00:32:24.850]
It's a deeper  than  a methodological  implication  because  in principle , because  even  in principle , you
can't . PIN  down  the wavefunction  sort  of in trying  to in trying  to pin down  some  of the information ,
you destroy  other  parts  of it. Right . There's  no way  of doing  it noninvasive . But I guess  I guess  my
question  here  and , you know , admittedly , it's a a philosophical  one  more  than  a scientific  one , I think  is
given  the state  of affairs  and  the disposition  here  is to say that  that  certain  things  are possible .
[00:32:57.770]
And we understand  a kind  of, you know , probability . We summarize  this  possibility  with  a with  a
probability  distribution  of some  sort . Yes . But is it scientifically  wrong  to say that  we don't , in fact ,
know  that ? And  it is possible ? Again , this  sounds  paradoxical , but perhaps  isn't . It's possible  that 
possibility  isn't  even  a thing . And  there  really  is only  the actual  there  is simply  what  happens . And  then
we have  a story  about  what  might  have  happened  that  we're  adding  to that  picture .
[00:33:29.960]
Is there  some  place  to stand  within  physics  to rule  that  out? No, I don't  think  so.
[00:33:35.210]
I think  the way  these  quantum  mechanical  wave  functions  I've been  talking  about  are very  rich 
objects .
[00:33:41.780]
And in principle , I'm contained  in the quantum  mechanical  weight  function . And  you're  contained  in aquantum  mechanical  way  of. In fact , where  we're  contained  in the same  quantum  mechanical  way 
function  that  describes  the universe  as a whole  and  different  parts  of that  wavefunction , which , as I
mentioned , we don't  know  completely .
[00:34:01.550]
And in practice , we only  know  very  little  about  it compared  to what's  its full content  allows  us to make
only probabilistic  predictions  because  there's  a lot we don't  know  that  we would  need  to know  in order
to make  definite  predictions . So it's relative  to our knowledge , which  includes , you know , everything 
that we know  and  all the measurements  that  we've  made  or the laws  that  we we think  we know  or all
the experience  that  we've  had  relative  to our knowledge , our predictions  about  the future  are
probabilistic  relative  to some  unattainable , even  in principle  knowledge , some  God's  eye view  of the
world .
[00:34:43.070]
Maybe  the equations  are perfectly  definite . So if that . If that  somehow  means  something  to you, that's
also  true , but in practice , it doesn't  change  things  very  much . So it's kind  of philosophical 
determinism , but practical  not. OK, so let's  go back  to the point  of view  of the mere  ape  trying  to find 
his or her way  in the world . So we have  this  intuition  that  we exist  in a space  of three  dimensions . And
it's that  intuition  is is born  of this  experience  that  we we really  can't  figure  out any other  direction  to
point  than  just  some  combination  of backwards , forwards , left and  right  and  up and  down .
[00:35:28.710]
And that's  a pretty  solid  empirical  fact . I would  say there  certainly  are only  three  large  dimensions . If
there  are other  dimensions , they  have  a very  different  character .
[00:35:36.880]
Right , right . Right . So and  we do sense  that  time  is distinct  from  space . And  yet now  physics  has 
given  us a a unified  picture  of spacetime , which  is. Well , you tell me, how  do how  do we get.
[00:35:55.260]
Well , it doesn't  make  them  it doesn't  make  them  the same  thing . No, but but but it's important  in
understanding  the world  to treat  them  together . So the idea  that  you can  just  stack  up. A bunch  of
copies  of three  dimensional  space , and  this  is a this  is a time  to zero , then  21 and  so forth , that's  not
wrong , but it doesn't  do justice  to our understanding  because  for one  thing , the theory  of relativity  tells
you that  let's  just  take  the special  theory  of relativity , which  is the first  and  simpler  version , is that  you
can also  slice  things  up in different  ways  you can  take  and  this  would  happen  naturally  if if one  in one 
set of observer  sets  up things , a division  into  space  and  time , and  then  you have  other  observers  that 
are moving  with  respect  to those  that  are constant  velocity , it will be natural  for them  to divide  space 
and time  in a different  way , to have  different  slices  that  sort  of mix  up the original  space  and  time .
[00:37:03.700]
And the remarkable  thing  that  relativity  says  is that  they  will arrive  at the same  equations . So it kind  of
destabilizes  the notion  of time  as a separate  entity  from  space  because  it says  there  are just  there  are
other  just  as good  times , at least  from  the point  of view  of the fundamental  equations  of physics . One ,
as any one  time  there  were  alternative  times  that  are just  as good  now .
[00:37:30.550]
That's  about  the fundamental  equations , it's not about  the world  we actually  experience , of course ,
because  there  is a preferred  time , namely  the time  that  points  back  to the Big Bang  and  the uniform 
space . But you're  saying  that  in a different  frame  of reference , the one  set of observers  could  say that 
A preceded  B, but another  set of observers  moving  with  respect  to the first  set could  say that , B,
proceed  today . Yes , right . And  that  that  falls  out of Einstein's .
[00:37:59.770]
That  falls  out of there . Yes . So there  is that  possibility . But on the other  hand , there  are also  the
observers  can  also  agree  that  some  some  events  definitely  precede  others . So there's  kind  of a
netherworld  which  is called  the space  like region . But there's  also  a time  like region  where  you can order  things  linearly . I mean , special  relativity  is a fascinating  theory  and  we could  discuss  it easily  for
several  hours , but for up for present  purposes , it made  the.
[00:38:33.720]
Traditional  separation  into  a unique  time  and  space  unstable . Now  we are other  other  versions  of
time  that  mix  in some  space  and  have  but are just  as good  as far as the fundamental  equations  are
concerned .
[00:38:53.040]
Or does  the fact  that  there's  a preferred  frame  at least  defined  with  respect  to the Big Bang ? Give  us a
notion  of simultaneity  that  that  is valid .
[00:39:05.610]
I mean , is there  some  place  from  which  I can  say, yeah , in in cosmology  and  cosmology , we we
commonly  use that  language . When  we say. For instance , that  a given  star  was  formed  on 30
seconds  after  the Big Bang . We can  say that  about  distant  stars  and  there's  a unique  definition 
because  they  don't  if you there's  this  preferred  frame  in which  the universe , the distribution  of
galaxies  looks  uniform . If you move  relative  to that  frame , then  it won't  look  uniform .
[00:39:44.340]
There's  some  distortion  and  the colors  won't  be quite  uniform  either . And  so so there  is a preferred 
frame . And  so there's  a prefer  there's  a preferred  frame . And  you commonly  in cosmology  use that  as
as a way  of synchronizing  times  across  distant  across  distant  galaxies . So but. But in everyday  life.
As opposed  to cosmology , I mean , different  frames  are more  or less  equivalent  if you if you cancel 
out the astrological  influence  of galaxies , so to speak , what's  left allows  you freedom  in the definition 
of time .
[00:40:25.970]
There  are many  times  that  are equally  good . OK, so we have  a space  time  continuum  of some  kind ,
which  is a it is a kind  of medium , right ? I mean , it is the kind  o that's  the other  thing .
[00:40:39.110]
Right . That's  the other  thing  is that  when  you go to the more  advanced  parts  of physics , from  special 
relativity  to general  relativity  in particular , then  you find  that  it's very , very  convenient  and  really 
unavoidable  unless  you want  or satisfied  with  extremely  ugly  equations . It's very , very  convenient  to
treat  the three  dimensions  of space  and  one  dimension  of time  as a unified  structure , because  the
equations  display  tremendous  symmetry  between  space  and  time . There  are still distinctions , but
there's  also  tremendous  symmetry  between  space  and  time .
[00:41:23.590]
And there  you can  only  separate  them  at the cost  of making  the equations  very  unnatural .
[00:41:30.430]
But also  we have , you know , further  phenomenon  like gravity , which  seem  best  explained  in terms  of
time  itself  being  exact , the sort  of thing  that  can  bend , right ? Exactly  right .
[00:41:43.880]
That  that's  that's  the leading  idea  of the general  theory  of relativity . And  as I said , it's very  difficult  to
formulate  the bending  equations  in an elegant  way  without  explicitly  bringing  in the idea  of space  and 
time  as a uniform , as a coherent , integrated , three  plus  one  dimensional  entity .
[00:42:05.230]
OK, so we have  this  context  of our experience . We have  this  condition  of spacetime , which  now 
disconcertingly  we've  learned  is not just  a mere  context  in which  the things  that  exist  can  happen , but
rather  it is a kind  of thing  itself . Right ? It it has , right . It's not a void . Yeah , it's not a void .
[00:42:33.100]That  notion  was  something  that , you know , famously  Aristotle  rejected  and  and  most  thinkers 
rejected  until  Newtonian  physics , which  works  very , very  well  with  space  being  just  sort  of an empty 
platform  or a stage  through  which  particles  move .
[00:42:56.410]
But in modern  physics , we've  reinstated  space  time  as a substance .
[00:43:02.710]
I would  say it's it has  a life of its own  in many  ways . It's the primary  entities  we use to describe  the
world  or fields  and  actually  quantum  fields . But there's  space  filling  entities  that  vibrate . And  the
things  that  we call particles  are excitations  within  these  fields . But they  fill the whole  space  and  all the
time . And  the elegant  description  of how  they  work  uses  that  description . And  most  dramatically ,
Space-Time  itself  is like an elastic  medium  that  can  bend  and  warp .
[00:43:40.180]
And the general  theory  of relativity , the kinds  of distortions  of motion  we call gravity , are ascribed  to
that bending  and  warping  of space  time  in very  successful  equations . And  we also  in very  recent 
years  have  learned  that  so-called  empty  space  actually  weighs  something  like this  is called  the dark 
energy .
[00:44:02.110]
Einstein  called  it the cosmological  constant . But basically  what  it is, is that  Space-Time  itself  has  an
intrinsic  density . So it's a substance  by a it's a very  respectable  substance . By any reasonable 
definition , it's not it's not a void . OK, so again , let's  see if we can  somehow  conserve  our intuitions  or
at least  notice  when  we're  violating  them  here  in building  up this  picture . So we have  this  people  are
listening  to us. Let's  assume  their  eyes  are open  or they  can  open  their  eyes  and , you know , they  see
the space  in front  of them  occupied  by the objects  on their  desk .
[00:44:43.960]
And they're  that  they're  perhaps  their  hands . If they  wave  their  hands  in front  of them , they  can  feel  the
air. Right . Which  is yet more  stuff  in this  what  once  seemed  like a void  like condition . But we're  now 
being  told  that  this  condition , the only  place  in which  they  experience  their  own  being , has  all kinds  of
structure  that  is not apparent  and  which  is really  only  fully  captured  in the mathematical  devices  and 
discoveries  we've  we've  used  to tease  out the structure , I guess .
[00:45:18.910]
But before  we jump  further  into  the constituents  of things , do you have  any thought  as to why 
mathematics  works  here ? I think  I remember  that  Eugene  Wigner  wrote  a paper , I think  in 1960  or so
about  the what  we call the unreasonable  effectiveness  of mathematics  in the natural  sciences . I
mean , it just  seems  a very  strange  accident  that  apes  like ourselves  have  enough  linguistic  ability , or
at least  some  of us do, to develop  a simple  system  that  produces  not only  uncannily  powerful 
description  of what  we can  understand , but actually  has  predictive  value .
[00:46:03.850]
It points  into  the darkness  of nature  and  suggests  what  we might  find  there . And  then , lo and  behold ,
we find  those  things , whether  it's, you know , the absurd  energy  in the center  of an atom  or more  of the
electromagnetic  spectrum  that  we can't  see with  our unaided  eyes . Why  does  any of this  work ? It's a
gift. I don't  know  what  it's rock  bottom , and  it doesn't  it didn't  have  to be that  way . No, I think .
[00:46:34.250]
I think  it's been  a continuous , continuous  revelation  and  surprise  and  gift, as science  has  developed 
since  since  the 17th  century , a sort  of modern  science  where  we make  extreme  demands  of accuracy 
and test  things  very  hard  and  so forth . It's been . The  program  is to try to understand  things  fully  and 
deeply  and  probe . With  all the accuracy  we can  muster . And  yet at the same  time , try to boil  down 
what  we found  find  into  as compact  a description  as possible , even  if the description  has  to be kind 
of in an unusual  language , which  we call mathematics , that's  very  different  from  what  we hear  at
cradles .[00:47:27.610]
And it's worked .
[00:47:32.290]
And a surprise  after  surprise , more  and  more  layered  Newton's  theory  of gravity  and  then  Maxwell's 
electrodynamics  and  then  quantum  mechanics  and  relativity  and  quantum  Croma  Dynamics .
[00:47:45.130]
The equations  get more  structured  in some  ways , but I think  there's  a tendency  that  they've  actually 
gotten  more  beautiful  and  certainly  more  comprehensible  and  more  comprehensive , less 
comprehensible , maybe  more  comprehensive , so that  now  I think  we've  gotten  very  close , if not to the
rock  bottom  foundation  of understanding  how  ordinary  matter  works  so sufficient  for biology ,
chemistry  and  all forms  of engineering . And  we can  summarize  it in a few  equations , and  it didn't 
have  to be that  way . That's  what  that's  why  I say it's it's a gift, for instance , and  I think  there's  an
important  thought  experiment .
[00:48:30.830]
You can  imagine  and  people  have  imagined  and . People  even  have  gone  off the deep  end  on this , but
but you can  imagine  that  someday  artificial  intelligence  is will be fully  embodied  and  general 
intelligence  is within  computers . And  you could  even  imagine  that  these  artificial  intelligences , we're 
not sensing  the same  world  that  we're  sensing  that  they  would  be sensing  electronic  inputs  that  were 
designed  by some  programmer . So this  would  be these  would  be worlds  in which  intelligent  design  is
actually  true .
[00:49:07.920]
Right . But.
[00:49:11.030]
But the laws  wouldn't  have  to have  this  character . The  laws  would  be whatever  the designer  or the
programmer  imposed , and  they  wouldn't  have  to have  the character  of deep  simplicity  and 
mathematical  coherence  that  we find  in our world . So it's a gift. And  I don't  know  any way  to explain  it
other  than  to say that's  that's  the way  it is. It's a wonderful  gift for me.
[00:49:39.110]
Following  that  argument , couldn't  we be in a simulation  wherein  we're  no more  in touch  with  the base 
layer  of reality ? But our simulation  is consistent  in all the mathematically  satisfying  ways , or at least 
seems  to be thus  far.
[00:49:53.360]
It could  be, but it would  be very , very  wasteful  programming  practice  to sort  of hide  so much 
complexity  inside  useless  things  that  that  don't  directly  support , presumably  the interesting  thoughts 
that are going  on or the interesting  games , if you think  about  Super  Mario  world  or something . If I
were  programming  Super  Mario , I wouldn't  make  the bricks  out of quantum  mechanical  atoms . Just 
it's just  an awful  waste  to write . And  and  and  also , you know , you really  could  make  a lot of creative 
use out of having  more  than  one  version  of time , for instance .
[00:50:33.920]
And you could  have  astrology  being  true . You  could  have  people  moving  back  and  forth  doing  time 
travel . You  can  have  all kinds  of things  once  once  you free  yourself  of constraints  that  we seem  to
have  in our actual  physical  reality . But that  doesn't  seem  to be the world  we live in, for better  or worse .
[00:50:54.950]
OK, so back  to the world  we live in which  you seem  to live because , you know , intelligent  design . So
I'm sort  of joking , but not really . That's  what  I think  intelligent  design  is maybe  the future , but I just 
don't  see much  evidence  for it in the world  we actually  experience . Yeah . This . Yeah . In other  words ,
are there  going  to be intelligent  designers  that's  going  to be humans  or their  successors .[00:51:25.490]
Yeah , well  maybe  you've  heard  the simulation  argument  that  I think  is originated  with .
[00:51:30.500]
Oh I've heard  it, I've heard  and  I've thought  about  it and  I think  oh no, I mean  that  that  kind  of idea  is
very old. Right . But the added  wrinkle  here  that  I think  it's the the Rinkel  he's  introduced , which  is
there's  just  a couple  of minimal  assumptions  you need  to get what  seems  to be the the following 
probabilistic  conclusion . If you assume  that  leaving  aside  the possibility  of intelligent  aliens  that  we
know  nothing  about  that  have  computers  that  might  be running  simulated  worlds , if you just  imagine 
that our species  doesn't  annihilate  itself  and  we continue  to get better  at building  computers , at a
certain  point  we will build  simulated  worlds  on our computers , complete  with  with  conscious  entities 
like ourselves .
[00:52:21.860]
Yes. And  seemingly  by definition , simulated  worlds  will outnumber  real  worlds  because  they're  just 
they'll  just  be functionally  infinite  number  of of worlds  to create . So then  just  as a matter  of
probability , you should  assume  you're  in a simulated  world  rather  than  a real  one . Right ?
[00:52:41.330]
Well , you know , probabilities  are always  relative  to Pryors  and  and  their . We have  an alternative 
scientific  framework  in which  things  are what  they  seem , more  or less , that  the world , the universe 
follows  the laws  of physics  as as more  or less  as we know  them . And  there  was  a big bang . And  there
has it just  hasn't  been  time  for those  developments  to take  place  if they're  ever  going  to take  place .
And if you just  look  at the internal  evidence , as we discussed  our world , I don't  think  how  should  I say
our world  doesn't  look  like it's a programmed  world .
[00:53:21.220]
It just  doesn't . And  so if it if it's programmed  if there  is an intelligent  design  to it, it's very  non-intuitive .
[00:53:32.440]
It and  and  and  let me put it as a challenge , I guess , to Nick  Bostrom  or whoever  wants  to propound 
that kind  of idea .
[00:53:40.240]
Tell me something  about  the world  that  I can  understand  better  on the basis  of this  picture  and  on the
conventional , you know , the now  conventional  framework  of physical  science .
[00:53:53.620]
I know  I don't  know  of any such  example , and  I don't  think  there  is one  actually  on that  point  of
intuition , which  is. Yeah , it's interesting . They  are our intuitions  obviously  have  evolved  in entirely  in a
context  that  has  left us blind , both  perceptually  and  intuitively  to the domain . We're  talking  about  the
very small , the very  large , the very  old, the very  fast  rate  we have . We have  intuitions  for for how , you
know , throwing  objects  can  behave  local  to the forces  that  that  a human  body  can  participate  in all
the experiments  we do as babies .
[00:54:37.330]
Exactly . But mostly  as adults  unless  we decide  to study  science . Right . But when  you're  talking  about 
moving  fast  enough  so that , you know , you're  approaching  the speed  of light  and  time  slows  down  or
you becoming  increasingly  massive  or the energy  that  that  exists  internal  to the nucleus  of an atom ,
or the fact  that  atoms  are as small  as they  are, but nevertheless  mostly  empty  space . Like  all of these 
facts  that  we understand  in physics  are not facts  that  we should  have  any intuitions  for.
[00:55:09.700]
So so one  punch  line seems  to fall out out of this . And  this  is actually  something  that  I've discussed 
with  Max  Tegmark  before . Who  you must  know  him . He's  here . You're  both  at MIT , right ? I've even 
written  papers  with  him . Yeah . Yeah . So Max  is a great  guy. And  his claim  is that  we should  absolutelyexpect  the right  answer  written  at the back  of the Book  of Nature  to be deeply  non-intuitive . Given  that
our intuitions  we just  get if we're  going  to take  evolution  and  evolutionary  logic  seriously , we should 
be suspicious  of any answer  that  is at all commonsensical  to us or that  is fits comfortably  within  our
Apison  intuitions .
[00:55:53.740]
Well , that's  the way  it's worked  out. Yes . I mean , we how  should  I say. But it's not even  it's not an open 
question  anymore . We we know  we know  a lot. Maybe  it's not the final  language , but we know  the
language  of nature  and  we know  what  the operating  system  is and  maybe  not in all details  and  but
but for most  practical  purposes , we we we know  what  the operating  system  is. And  surely  it is not
comprehensible  or in terms  in the in the terms  that  we use, we use in everyday  life to get around .
[00:56:27.910]
That's  that's  that's  really  what  I try to capture  in this  notion  of being  born  again . You  have  to you have 
to learn  a new  way  of thinking . That's  mind-expanding  requires  you to revisit  things  that  you thought 
you knew  and  and  use an enormous  imagination  to come  to grips  with  what  accurate  observations 
and critical  thinking  reveal . But the good  news  is that . It can  be understood , and  that's  the amazing 
thing , which  which  I guess  is this  unreasonable  success , if you like, is that .
[00:57:04.420]
It can  be understood  that  and  I've tried  to convey  this  in a slim  book , the the not, which  of course 
doesn't  contain  the equations  or but does , I think , contain  the essential  concepts  and  the kinds  of
philosophical  questions  that  they  settle  or certainly  address  and  with  deep  illumination . So. Yes , they 
are surprising , they're  very  surprising  if that's  if that's  the claim . I fully  agree  with  it.
[00:57:36.940]
OK, so let's  go back  to what  exists  here . If I last  left our listeners  with  hands  outstretched , waving 
them  around  in what  they  imagined  was  three  dimensional  space  and  feeling  the air, and  we've 
established  that  space  time  itself  is not merely  the void  context  of the things  that  happen . It is itself  a
kind  of object . It's a kind  of medium  that  the bending  of which  explains  gravity , among  other  things .
So let's  introduce  into  this  space . We're  into  this  condition  the minimal  ingredients  for the universe  as
we know  it.
[00:58:22.180]
What  is there  in front  of us and  as us? What  is the matter  that  gets  introduced  here ?
[00:58:28.840]
So for most  purposes  of engineering  and  biology , of chemistry  and  most  of. If you'd  like to continue 
listening  to this  conversation , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . Once  you do, you'll  get
access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , along  with  other  subscriber  only 
content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's . In the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking 
Up app , the Making  says  podcast  is ad free  and  relies  entirely  on listener  support .
[00:59:04.840]
And you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris . Doug .[00:00:16.510]
Yeah , good  sweat  and  I just  had  a hot bath  I was  already  in, it was  too late . I could  I couldn't  back  out,
but yeah , good .
[00:00:26.020]
From  judging  from  Twitter , you're  a bath  man . More  than  a shower , man . I love  it.
[00:00:30.270]
I have  to ah the two  pounds  a day in the winter  or bath  and  a shower  or two  showers  in the summer .
Sometimes  I do it because  I'm bored . There's  something  I think  it's from  my upbringing  where , you
know , we could  only  have  one  bath  a week  when  I was  little . Sometimes  second  hand  water  a while 
that was  there . It was  it's like a Dickens  novel , but it is. That  is hard .
[00:00:54.280]
You could  you joke . But that  is. Yeah . Deprivation  one  bath  a week . I mean  that's  that's  seventeenth 
century  stuff .
[00:01:00.310]
What  I remember  in the winter  in our house  we had  this  is actually  true . This  sounds  like a joke . It
sounds  like a Monty  Python  sketch , but we had  ice on the inside  of the windows  when  I got sober .
Yeah , I used  to dream . I got up and  got dressed  and  then  I'd wake  up and  go, oh fuck , I haven't  got
dressed . I there  anyway . I've been  them . I've got a minute . I got a question  for another  question .
[00:01:28.300]
Yeah . Yeah . I'm just , I'm just  not in the bath . I, I've been  thinking  a lot about  the brain  or rather  my
brain  has  sort  of a point  now . It's quite  a long  question . I would  stop  me at any point  if I've made 
some  sort  of fallacious  leap  like the brain  I get. I totally  understand  evolution  by natural  selection . It's
a no brainer . And  the brain  is just  an organ . Like  anything  else . It came  from  three  billion  years , from  a
blob  of reproductive  protein  to this  most  complex  computer .
[00:02:10.580]
But it is just  physical . You  know , it goes  by all the laws , the contingently  laws , the universe , chemistry ,
physics , you know , energy , electricity , all that . But obviously  this  has  the epiphenomenon  of of
consciousness . We feel  like we've  got a self . We feel  like we've  got free  will, even  though  that's  an
illusion . And  this  leads  to imagination . Invention  of philosophy . GODSE  So. Two  part  question  and 
one, a chimp's  going  through  that , do you think  they've  got all the rudimentary  tools  to invent  the gods 
of spirituality  or, you know , what  you need  is imagination  and  a decent  brain  or even  a sense  of self .
[00:03:00.040]
And two , if that  is true , if the brain  is purely  physical , it can  be reproduced . So in the future  with  a
computer , will we have  paranoid  computers  where  we have  computers  that  are nice  and  nasty  and 
don't  want  to die and  want  to murder  someone ? Shoot . Yes , that's  a great  question , and  that  is there's 
so many  questions  contained  in it. Here's  what's  not controversial . So there  are many  places  where 
one can  try to find  a foothold  or a handhold  to debate  some  materialist  assumptions  and  then , you
know , try to open  the door  to something  that  many  people  in science  and  philosophy  at the moment 
would  consider  spooky  or theological  or.
[00:03:51.060]
Yeah , just  unwarranted . So the central  drift  of your  question  is fairly  uncontroversial  in science , which 
is to say it's safe  to assume  that  everything  we know  and  notice  about  the mind  from  the first  person 
aside , as a matter  of experience , you know  what  it's like to be us. All of that  is a product  of what  our
brains  as physical  information  processing  systems  are doing . Right . So, yes, our brains  are essentially
computers  made  of meat , although  they're  not computers  that  are all that  similar  to the computers  we
currently  call computers .
[00:04:29.070]
I mean , they're  different  in important  ways . Many  people  will point  out that  science  has  been repeatedly  confounded  by a bad  analogy  is that  we you know , we used  to make  analogies  to water 
pumps  and  steam  engines , and  now  we no longer  do that  because  now  we have  a much  better 
analogy , a computer . But many  people  would  be tempted  to argue  that  it's still not a perfect  analogy 
or not even  a good  one .
[00:04:54.390]
But no, but but but the the important  thing  is that  intelligence  is basically  the ability  to problem  solve ,
negotiate  the world . And  obviously  those  things , if they  were  that  favored  and  that  passed  on and 
positively  gets  better  and  better  or it doesn't  work  or a dead  end  or whatever . So, yeah , I get that  and ,
you know , it starts  it starts  worrying  me. I, I came  from  a science  background  and  I went  to do
philosophy . So all the things  like determinism  and  materialism , all those  things , I sucked  into  anything
that felt a little  bit new  agey  nonsense  mumbo  jumbo  magic  I sort  of rejected , but I kept  in mind  as it
will prove  it to me, you know .
[00:05:42.960]
And so I am this  sort  of this  hardwired  contingent . I need  proof . I need  physical  proof . And  so even 
consciousness  freaks  me out because . Yeah , well , I should .
[00:05:58.410]
It should  because  it's really  we don't  understand  it physically  yet. And  there  are impressive 
impediments  to doing  that , I think . I mean , the so-called  hard  problem  of consciousness  is genuinely 
hard  because  it's not clear  why  anything  we do as minds , you know , all of our behavior , all of our
mental  behavior , everything , including  our intelligence , needs  to be associated  with  experience . Right .
We could  build  robots  and  we undoubtedly  will build  robots  eventually  that  pass  the Turing  test  that 
are indistinguishable  from  humans  and  in fact , only  become  distinguishable  from  humans  by their 
superhuman  capacities .
[00:06:42.390]
They'll  they  will be as intelligent  as we are in every  respect . They'll  be conversant  with  our emotions 
and display  emotions  of their  own  because  we will program  that  them  that  way  very  likely , or at least 
some  of them  that  way . Yeah . And  I think  it's true  to say they're  there  already  is good . They  might 
even  be better  at facial  recognition  than  humans  are now . And  that  will eventually  include  detecting 
and responding  to our emotions  and  images  and  so much  of what  makes  us effective  social  beings ,
you know , millions  of years  of evolution  as social  primates  and , you know , 300000  years  or so of
finishing  school  as Homo  sapiens .
[00:07:24.030]
We're  very  good  at this . And  there's  no question  we're  going  to build  machines  that  are better  than  we
are. And  then  then  literally  everything  we do cognitively  will be like chess , where  it will be true  to say
that the best  mind  at that  is now  a computer  mind , not a human  one . Yeah , yeah . We will never  be the
best  at chess  ever  again , right . Yeah . And  that's  going  to be true  of looking  at a person's  face  and 
deciding  how  they  feel .
[00:07:53.100]
Will there  be a robot . Right . That's  Beethoven . Taller  and  stronger  than  me, made  of steel . Look  and 
see in the dark . And  he's  a bystander . Yeah , that's  that's  the robot .
[00:08:06.660]
They're  coming  for your  job.
[00:08:09.200]
I'll always  have . I'll go. I'll fall over  and  the crowd  will go wild . Like  I look  like I look  at that  fat bloke .
He's  dying  and  the robot  will go come  a. Can't  compete  with  the Ricky  and  the steam  engine . Yeah ,
but no, I think  it's true  if ultimately  that  something  like that  has  to be true  if intelligence  and  even 
comedic  intelligence  and  comedic  timing  and  everything  that  gets  built  into  that  empathy , I learned 
that was  it was  still my brain .[00:08:48.180]
Yeah , exactly .
[00:08:48.810]
If that's  just  information  processing , there's  just  there's  no reason  why  a human  has  to be the best  at
that forever . And  in fact , there's  no way  one  will be if we just  keep  making  progress , building 
intelligent  machines . So I think  that  I even  buy it.
[00:09:04.490]
So I totally  accept  that . I suppose  my question  is then  where  it comes  down  to is why  in this , you
know , this  illusion  of free  will? Is it the same  as if it wasn't  an illusion ? What's  the difference ? That's 
my question . I totally  accept  it. But so what  we are what  we are, what  does  it matter ? What  does  it
matter  that  there  isn't  free  will?
[00:09:28.950]
I mean , the reason  why  it's important  is that  so much  of our psychological  suffering  personally  and  so
much  of our social  suffering  in terms  of what  we the ethical  and  legal  decisions  we make  is anchored 
to this  illusion . Yes . The  feeling  that  you are you and  really  responsible  for you, it's not that  it's never 
useful . It's useful  in certain  cases . But the fact  that  we put people  in prison  for the rest  of their  lives  or
even , you know , give  them  the death  penalty  in certain  states  and  my country  and  feel  totally  justified 
in doing  it as a matter  of punishment , not as a matter  of social  necessity , that  we have  to keep  certain
dangerous  people  off the streets , which  is a difference .
[00:10:17.280]
And I think  that's  quite  different . Yeah , yeah , it is different . And  I'd say what  I'd say with  them . I think  to
and I know  you're  not saying  this , but to say no one  has  to be well , so no one's  to be punished  is a
nonsense . Rather  like if a machine  breaks  down  in a factory , you don't  go. What  he didn't  mean  to bite 
down . We keep  it on. You  get rid of it. A new  one  is not a punishment .
[00:10:39.900]
It's what  we got to still protect  the innocent . And  I get that .
[00:10:43.960]
And and  I think , yeah , definitely  something  else  that  there's  there's  there's  the punishment  certainly 
makes  sense  still in many  cases . But retribution  doesn't  or, you know , the vengeance  part  of it
doesn't . Yeah . Morally  at once . You  know , the swallow  this  pill of free  will being  an illusion .
[00:11:04.980]
Well , the three  reasons  for retribution , rehabilitation  and  what's  the restitution . Yeah , we met  Ted 
Hendricks , but no punishment . I think  it's called  think  it might  be called  eye for an eye. No, I think  it's
just for punishment . It's got a picture  of an eye on a tooth . And  it is my it was  my professor . Oh, yeah .
He told  me about  four  years  ago . I was  I was  sold  on, as he said  about  it.
[00:11:33.060]
And yeah , he breaks  down . Why  that  sort  of punishment  for retribution  doesn't  work . And , you know ,
we'll  be totally  agree  with  and  you know , with  a death  penalty , you can't  go back  and  say we were 
wrong . We know  the we know  the worries  about  that . My point  is, even  if everyone  understood  free 
will is an illusion , we're  hardcore . I don't  think  it should  make  any difference  because  we're  not saying ,
oh, we came  from  a tough  background  or it was  a crime  of passion .
[00:12:05.380]
We're  just  saying  we're  all robots . Let's  do what  we like, which  we know  isn't  acceptable . That's  why  I
mean , it doesn't  make  a difference . All the other  caveats  would  still be in place , you know , a
sympathetic  judicial  system  and  and  act utilitarian  as opposed  to rule  utilitarianism . All those  things 
would  still be in place . But what  what  I can  never  accept  is that  the people  at the site , if hard 
determinism  is true , no one  is responsible  for their  actions  on a societal  level .[00:12:38.920]
But the difference  on making  once  you view  people  in this  vein  as akin  to malfunctioning  robots , so
evil people , if we built  an evil robot , it would  reliably  produce  evil. You  know , nature  has  built  evil
robots  for us, as you know , psychopaths  and  other  people  who  are just  reliably  create  a lot of harm  for
everyone  else . The  question  is, how  should  we feel  about  that  and  whether  hatred  is the right 
emotional  response  now ? I mean , it's a totally  natural  response , certainly , if you've  been  victimized  by
such  a person .
[00:13:16.540]
But I think  we should  treat  it like any other  force . There  is no fault . You  don't  you don't  you don't  go
into morality  of an angry  bear . Exactly . Who  attacked  you in the woods . Right . You  might  shoot ,
though .
[00:13:32.230]
He came  back  background . I love  him . But if a bear  is attacking  me, I don't  I don't  care  about  his
home .
[00:13:39.670]
But he did come  from  a tough  background . He came  from  the background  of being  a bear . Right .
[00:13:44.230]
What  else  would  you do? And  I don't  care  whether  it's whether  whether  I should  I should  I take  this 
back ? I get out. It's like if I can't  get out of that , I try and  stop  it. It's not a moral  issue  is the fact  that  I
don't  deserve  to die by a bear  yet. That's  what  it comes  down . Yeah , it's. Yeah , yeah . I love  bears . I
love there's  I've never  you love  them  and  good  luck  to them .
[00:14:13.060]
They've  got to do what  they've  got to do. But as I say, if he's  in my apartment  I've got other  words . I
don't  don't  care .
[00:14:23.190]
Yeah . Yeah . I don't  know  what  that  where  that  analogy  goes . What  I'm saying  is the psychopath  is part
of nature  like the bear . I know  it's not. It's always  a psychopath , just  like it's not. It's only  it's a hungry 
bear . But that's  no reason  for me not to try and  stop  things .
[00:14:43.090]
You've  got to stop . Oh, yeah . But you don't  have  to hate  it and  you wouldn't  hate  it in the same  way 
you'd  hate  a person . And  that  is the crucial  piece  for me. That's  a very  good  point . Ethically , it's like.
Right .
[00:14:54.880]
It's like even  even  if it harmed  you, I mean , this  is I don't  know  if you got to that  part  in my in my. Yeah ,
I know  you heard  some  of the audio  from  from  waking  up where  I talk  about  free  will. But just  imagine
the two  cases , you know , one  case  you're  attacked  by a bear  and , you know , let's  say you lose  a hand ,
right . You  really  are. You've  had  you've  had  a terrifying  encounter  with  near  death , but you're  saved 
and the bear  gets  tranquilized .
[00:15:22.270]
And let's  say it gets  put in the zoo , right ? Yeah , that's  one  case . The  other  cases , you're  attacked  by an
evil person  and  suffer  the same  injury . Right . So that . Yeah . And  so but then  the question  is, what  is
your  subsequent  mental  state . No, you're  right . Or the rest  of your  life there  is right  now . I mean , you
could  be hating  the person  and  fantasizing  over  killing  that  person  with  your  bare  hands  or hand .
[00:15:46.330]
Yeah . And  but with  the bear  you might  actually  laugh , especially  if you laughed  in cold .
[00:15:51.550]Yeah . And  he said  he could  just  play  upon  your  hominid  emotions  so that  you would  really  hate  him ,
you know , and  want  to kill him .
[00:15:59.620]
Infanticide  too. Yeah . Yeah . Because  we've  got a sense  of self  and  morality  and  we feel  what's  right 
and wrong . Yeah . We impose  that  on another  human . Well  we wouldn't  do it in the back  rather  rather 
in the way . If I walk . If I walk . A tree  and  I break  my nose , I do not hate  that  tree . You  hate  yourself . I
hate  myself . And  I, I try and  widen  the council , but I would  want  someone  to blame .
[00:16:26.120]
I want  someone  to blame  with  the weather  if it rains . What  who  did who  didn't  tell me to bring  out
whose  job was .
[00:16:35.030]
Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . That's  true . That's  a very  good  point . And  we can't  we it's hard  to forgive 
another  human  who  hurts  you for fun, but I suppose  it's fun even  though  it's not. Yeah . In a in a
naturalistic  framework  they  can't  help  it as I'm doing  put in quote  marks  around  how . But we mean 
that literally  as well  if we're  determinists .
[00:17:02.270]
And honestly , that  does  help  me now  a fair amount  psychologically . I mean , there's  so many  people 
out there  on, you know , on social  media  in particular , who  this  is where  I tend  to see it. I don't  I don't 
see it in my life. Who  just  maliciously  attack  me and  attack  people  who  are associated  with  me in any
way and  it's why  am I talking  to that ?
[00:17:27.250]
Good  luck . Good  luck  on social  media  after  this .
[00:17:29.290]
I don't  know  anything  about  it was  way  popular . OK, now  anyone  has  to have  you. I don't  like sound .
I'm asking  them . I'm using  it, if anything . Well , so, guys , just  if you listen . Yeah . Yeah . That's  a very ,
very good  point .
[00:17:49.600]
It's much  easier  to process  when  you actually  recognize  that  certain  people  are doing  what  they  do
because  that's  what  they  do. They're  like bears .
[00:17:59.950]
Yeah . Yeah , exactly . Yeah . And  there's  lots  of other  factors  on social  media  getting  getting  noticed ,
wanting  to be a part  of someone  else's  polls  where  he claimed  they're  not like that  in real  life. They'd 
ask you for an autograph . All these  things  that  there's  a you know , if someone  if someone  sends  a
nasty  tweet , I think  I'll tell you this  before  that . And  I thought , well , they  said  that . And  I look  back  and 
they've  said  twenty  nice  ones , but I didn't  notice  them .
[00:18:29.650]
And I think  got me wondering  why  would  I put this  line in our flag  as well . Why , why  would  people 
rather  want  to be famous  for being  an asshole  and  not famous . What , what  is the attraction  of, of
being  famous  saying  I was  here , this  caveman  just  used  to put their  hand  on the wall  and  blow  over 
and you know  that  I was  here . And  now  it's obviously  got out of hand . But there  seems  to be I think  it's
some  sort  of cash  for eternal  life.
[00:19:02.410]
I think  that's  a very  human  worry  and  quest . What's  the point ? Well , you know  what  will happen  after  I
die? Will  people  remember  me when  I will myself  carry  on? When  I come  back  as a spirit  is there  I
have  them  about  let a good  life. Was  it worth  it? Will  I come  back  as a coward ? I think  all those  things 
as irrational  as they  all are. Oh, I'm very  human  and  I don't  know  why .[00:19:25.390]
I don't  know . I don't  know . Again , they  could  be upshot's , but. Yeah .
[00:19:30.520]
All right . Well , we can  work  that  out after  you've  had  your  third  bath  of the day. And  up until  now . So in
conclusion , yes, robots , computers  will soon  be indistinguishable  in humans . Final  question , is there  a
chimp  somewhere  that  sat down  and  looked  up and  thought , where  do we come  from ? Who  did this ?
Where  are we going ? Has  that  happened  yet? As a chimp  thought , what  the fuck  is going  on here ?
[00:20:01.850]
I would  highly  doubt  that . But the interesting  thing  is that  there  are certain  things  we do that  are really 
crucial  to our being  smart , like, you know , working  memory , which  chimps  are better  at, which  is
pretty . And  you can  you can  see this  display . We could  find  this  video  on YouTube  where  given  a
memory  task  where  there's  a keyboard  like a, you know , a keyboard  on a screen  and  many  numbers 
and letters , you know , suddenly  get illuminated  and  then  you have  to recapitulate .
[00:20:31.760]
Sure . You  if to press  all the right  keys . Yeah . Chimps  are so fast  and  so much  better  at it than  humans
that it really  is. It's kind  of terrifying .
[00:20:42.770]
Have  you seen  that ? Have  you seen  that  experiment ? The  that  shows  it's not just  the arbitrary  test , it's
it's the reward  that  has  a sense  of it. So they  did a thing  with  a chimp  with  beads . So if it shows  the
small  pile of beads , it got a jelly  bean , got it right  every  time  to the smallest  pile of jelly  bean  when 
they  gave  it the choice  to choose  the smallest  pile of jelly  beans  in the big pile of jelly  beans  because 
it was  be good .
[00:21:17.870]
This  experiment  was  out the window . It just  went  up.
[00:21:20.570]
That's  the big Pollock .
[00:21:22.370]
So there  is that  great . That's  fantastic . That  was  a genius . Now , I don't  have  a sense  of self  and  I want
to be a brilliant  James  monitors  say.[00:00:06.810]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this  conversation 
in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris 
dog. There  you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along  with  other 
subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible  entirely 
through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.940]
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  that  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . I am back  with  David  White . David , thanks  for joining  me. It's a
pleasure . So we already  have  a series  of your  poetry  in the waking  up app  at which  people  have 
absolutely  loved .
[00:01:12.270]
And now  you are coming  back  with  yet more  work , which  is derived  from  your  book , Constellation's 
The Soulless  Nourishment  and  Underlying  Meaning  of Everyday  Words , which  is a book  I absolutely 
love. You've  given  us readings  from  that  book  and  some  marginalia , and  these  are just  fantastic 
pieces  of audio . So what  I wanted  to do here  is have  a conversation  around  a few  of them . I thought 
we would  drop  in your  sections  on friendship , honesty , ambition  and  alone , and  we could  just  have  a
brief  conversation  about  each .
[00:01:53.280]
But perhaps  to before  we jump  in, what  was  your  inspiration  for this  book ? Because  it's really  just  it's
a great  formula  for you as a student  of the power  of language  to just  drill  down  on the significance  of
specific  words  here . It was  it's the perfect  use of your  talents  as a poet  to bring  us this  kind  of prose 
level .
[00:02:14.730]
You're  very  kind . I think  there  were  there  were  two  forms  of insight , in a way . I was  in Paris , actually ,
and I was  speaking  to my assistant  on the phone . My colleague  Julie  Quiring  has  been  with  me for
years , and  she was  quite  excited  that  I had  been  invited  to write  a little  philosophical  piece  for the
Observer  magazine  in England .
[00:02:43.470]
And The  Observer  magazine  goes  out to millions  of people  on Sunday  morning . So it was  a lovely ,
lovely  way  of getting  a lot of of listening . Yes . To my work . But then  she sounded  a little  hesitant  and  I
said , what's  the hesitancy ? She  said  that  it can't  be any longer  than  300  words . And  I said  to myself ,
you know , I'm half  Irish , half  English .
[00:03:10.960]
The Irish  side  of me said , it's hardly  time  to take  your  breath , you know , never  mind  accomplish 
anything  that  would  give  anyone  any insight  unless  you're  actually  writing  poetry . And  so. I can't 
remember  how  we finished  the phone  call, but I remember  clicking  it off quite  firmly , as if to say, well ,
I don't  think  I'm going  to do that . And  anyway , I walked  around  Paris  all day and  then  I ended  up in a
restaurant  by myself  and .
[00:03:38.410]
And I sat down  and  I said  to myself , what  if you could ? Right , what  you needed  to write  in 300  words ,
the other  specification  was  that  it had  to be a single  word  title . Which  I didn't  mind , you know , I said ,
what  what  would  you write  about ? And  so I asked  the I remember  asking  asking  the waiter  if he had 
any stationery  and  and  they  did actually  being  French . And  so he brought  out some  stationery  and  and
I started  writing  and  I wrote  at the top of the page  Regrette .
[00:04:18.320]And I I realized  immediately  how  often  that  word  was  and  how  unfashionable  it had  become  and  how 
I was  constantly  meeting  people  who  said  they  had  no regrets . Now  how  I was  constantly  asking 
myself , where  had  they  been  all their  life if they  had  no regrets ? But that  really  put me back  into  a
stream  of experience  that  I had  had  all my life around .
[00:04:47.690]
Words  where ? I always  felt the adult  world  was  using  words  in a way  that  were  abstracted  away  from 
the physical  experience  of of what  the word  meant . You  know , when  you think  of a child , when  they 
first hear  the word  door , it's not an abstract  word  that  exists  separate  from  their  own  bodies  in that 
word  is the actual  physical  experience  of the door  itself . And  I always  felt this  very , very  strongly  in my
growing  I grew  up in a in a linguistic  frontier  actually  between  Ireland  and  the north  of England  and  the
north  of England  is very  different  than  the received  identity  that  we think  of when  we when  we think  of
Downton  Abbey  or we think  of Jane  Austen , you know , southern  England .
[00:05:44.300]
It's very  hierarchical , it's very  distant  socially . And  the north  of England  is actually  has  more  of a
Scandinavian  influence  from  the Viking  settlements  that  were  there . It's very  egalitarian  and  people 
are really , really  straight  with  you as as they  say in Yorkshire . They  say nothing  until  they  say
everything  about  you and  your  flaws  and  how  you can  put yourself  right .
[00:06:11.270]
So I had  that  on one  side  of the house , you know , with  these  Yorkshire  erm  the vowel  sounds , you
know , very  short  sentences . If a if a story  is told , it's told  exactly  the same . You  know , my Uncle  Tom 
would  say to my father , Jim , tell that  story  about  when  you were  driving  up that  hill towards 
Scarborough . You  got out at the top, you went  into  the pub , this  fellow  said  to you and  you said  back 
to him .
[00:06:37.040]
And my dad  would  say, well , we were  driving  up this  hill. We stopped  at the top of the hill. We went  in
the pub . The  fellow  said  to me and  I said , and  you were  actually  it was  a kind  of a ritual  re
investigation  of what  had  happened . But you didn't  expect  it to be any different . On the other  side  of
the house  was  this  very  different  lyrical  use of language .
[00:07:00.110]
You know , it was  it was  all Holy  St Mary  and  Joseph  tonight , the whole  immortal  shame  of it and  all
the saints  in heaven . And  it was  and  and  the story  was  never  told  the same  way . My mother  I never 
heard  my mother  tell the same  story . I had  about  five parallel  childhoods  for her. So I started  to
understand  quite  early  that  you could .
[00:07:24.490]
Inhabit  language  in very , very  different  ways , and  that  language  could  live in your  body  in a way  in
which  he could  could  open  up different  worlds  to you. And , you know , later  on, I heard  our I read  the
great  philosopher  Wittgenstein , you know , say you cannot  enter  any world  for which  you do not have 
the language . You  cannot  enter  any world  for which  you do not have  the language . And  so I felt like I
was privileged  living  at this  frontier  and  I could  morph  my accent .
[00:08:00.360]
I still do. Actually , it's quite  disturbing  to the Irish  people  when  when  I morph  into  Irish , the Irish  accent
from  my mother . But it's entirely  natural , yes, and  so I have  three  accents , which  is a kind  of after  I
received  English  from  college , my Yorkshire  dialect , which  is a full dialect , actually , and  then  Irish , the
Irish  accent . And  then  my present  kind  of Americanized , Yorkshire , Irish . I've always  been  interested  in
language  and  the way  that  people  learn  words , actually , if you learn  the word  door  when  you're 
learning  French  now  as an adult , you learn  it as an abstract .
[00:08:47.770]
You see the English  word  on one  side , you see the French  word  on the other , Laport , you know , and 
you don't  have  it in your  physical  body .[00:08:57.580]
While  many  of us as adults  learn  words , you know , like regrette  like alone  in this  deep  sense , you
know , as abstracts .
[00:09:08.050]
So the attempt  of this  book  was  to go back  to the physical  and  etymological  root  of the word , you
know , and  the etymology  of a word , of course , is is its root  in the past , how  it was  first  used  and  what 
it meant  when  it was  first  physically  expressed  almost  as a surprise  in the society  or the language .
And so I felt there  was  tremendous  solace  in the way  that  words  could  be used  from  their  their 
original  meaning  that  regret could  actually  be a kind  of faculty  for living  more  positively  into  the
future .
[00:09:55.420]
Actually , with  honest , deep  regret . Yeah , you might  treat  a grandson  with  more  patience  and  time  than
you did your  own  son , whose  boyhood  you might  have  missed because  of your  own  involvement  in
your  growing  life. So regrets  as a frontier  with  the future . And  it's really  actually  quite  remarkable  to
actually  choose  things  out in your  life that  you would  regret  deeply . If you were  ever  a bully  at school ,
even  for just  a moment , to choose  out that  moment  and  to see how  it still lives  in your  body , and  it
almost  always  puts  you in a sphere  of generosity  towards  anyone  who  is being  bullied  around  you at
the moment .
[00:10:49.570]
And in many  ways , you start  to look  to redeem  yourself  from  that  moment . So I found  it I found  it very ,
very useful  indeed  to actually  think  of moments  in my life that  I deeply  regret . And  use them  as a pair 
of eyes  and  ears  for paying  attention  to my future . Well , it's beautiful . Well , so we've  put your  your 
work  in the practice  section  of waking  up instead  of the theory  section , and  this  confuses  a few 
people  because  there's  often  an assumption  that  meditation  practice  requires  silence  or mostly 
silence  or that  he has  spoken .
[00:11:36.950]
Instruction  is meant  to merely  introduce  the next  chapter  of silence , but that  really  isn't  the case , or at
least  it isn't  the case  with  what  I would  consider  to be real  meditation . And  there's  certainly  a
relationship  between  the power  of words  and  the power  of silence . And  so what  I've recommended 
that people  do is simply  listen  to your  readings  in the same  frame  of mind  in which  they  would 
meditate  and  just  let your  thoughts  replace  their  own , which  is what  happens  whenever  we read  or
listen  to someone  read .
[00:12:13.430]
But it is possible  to recognize  the nature  of mind  just  as clearly  while  contemplating  someone  else's 
thoughts . So it's really  in that  spirit  that  we offer  these  these  new  readings  in the app . Well , I think  you
said  that  beautifully , because  the object  in meditation  and  all of our contemplative  disciplines  is
silence . But really , that  silence  is in order  for you to perceive  something  other  than  yourself  or what 
you've  arranged  as yourself . To actually  perceive  this  frontier  between  what  you call yourself  and 
what  you call other  than  yourself , whether  that's  a person  or a landscape .
[00:12:59.660]
So one  of the greatest  parts  of poetry  is actually  to create  silence  through  attentive  speech , speech 
that say something  in such  a way  that  it appears  as a third  frontier  between  you and  the world  and 
invites  you into  a deeper  and  more  generous  sense  of your  own  identity  and  the identity  of the world .
So I think  poetry , as is the verbal  art form  by. By which  we can  actually  create  silence . So with  that  is
preamble , let's  launch  into  the first  chapter  here  on friendship  and  then  we'll  come  back  to discuss  it.
[00:13:55.220] - David Whyte
Friendship  is a mirror  to presence  and  a testament  to forgiveness . Friendship  not only  helps  us to see
ourselves  through  another's  eyes , but can  be sustained  over  the years  only  with  someone  who  has 
repeatedly  forgiven us  for our trespasses , as we must  find  it in ourselves  to forgive  them  in turn . Afriend  knows  our difficulties  and  shadows  and  remains  in sight , a companion  to our vulnerabilities 
more  than  our triumphs  when  we are under  this  strange  illusion  that  we do not need  them .
[00:14:40.520] - David Whyte
A friend  knows  our difficulties  and  shadows  and  remains  in sight  to companion  to our vulnerabilities 
more  than  our triumphs  when  we are under  this  strange  illusion  that  we do not need  them . An
undercurrent  of real  friendship  is a blessing  exactly , because  it's elemental  form  is rediscovered  again
and again  through  understanding  and  mercy . All friendships  of any length  are based  on a continued 
mutual  forgiveness  without  tolerance  and  mercy  or friendships  die. Without  tolerance  and  mercy , all
friendships  die. In the course  of the years , a close  friendship  will always  reveal  the shadow  in the
other  as much  as ourselves  to remain  friends , we must  know  the other  and  their  difficulties  and  even 
their  sins  and  encourage  the best  of them , not through  critique , but through  addressing  the better  part
of them , the leading  creative  edge  of their  incarnation , thus  subtly  discouraging  what  makes  them 
smaller , less  generous , less  of themselves .
[00:16:04.200] - David Whyte
Friendship  is the great  hidden  transmuter  of all relationships , it can  transform  a troubled  marriage ,
make  honorable  a professional  rivalry , make  sense  of heartbreak  and  unrequited  love , and  become 
the newly  discovered  ground  for a mature  parent  child  relationship . The  dynamic  of friendship  is
almost  always  underestimated  as a constant  force  in human  life, a diminishing  circle  of friends  is the
first terrible  diagnostic  of a life in deep  trouble , of overwork , of too much  emphasis  on a professional 
identity , of forgetting  who  will be there  when  our armored  personalities  run into  the inevitable  natural 
disasters  and  vulnerabilities  found  in even  the most  ordinary  existence .
[00:17:08.340] - David Whyte
Friendship transcends  disappearance , an enduring  friendship  goes  on after  death , the exchange  only 
transmuted  by absence , the relationship  advancing  and  maturing  in a silent , internal , conversational 
way, even  after  one  half  of the bond  is passed  on. But no matter  the medicinal  virtues  of being  a true 
friend  or sustaining  a long , close  relationship  with  another , the ultimate  touchstone  of friendship  is
not improvement  neither  of the self  nor of the other . The  ultimate  touchstone  of friendship  is witness .
The privilege  of having  been  seen  by someone  and  the equal  privilege  of being  granted  the sight of 
the essence  of another , to have  walked  with  them,  and  to have  believed  in them,  and  sometimes  just 
to have  accompanied  them  for however  brief  a span,  on a journey  impossible  to accomplish  alone .
[00:18:23.510] - David Whyte
But no matter . The  medicinal  virtues  of being  a true  friend  are sustaining  a long , close  relationship 
with  another . The  ultimate  touchstone  of friendship  is not improvement , neither  of the self, nor  of the
other , the ultimate  touchstone  of friendship  is witness . The  privilege  of having  been  seen  by someone
and the equal  privilege  of being  granted  the sight of  the essence  of another , to have  walked  with  them
and to have  believed  in them  and  sometimes  just  to have  accompanied  them  for however  brief  a span
on a journey  impossible  to accomplish  alone .
[00:19:10.940] - David Whyte
Friendship  was  begun  after  waking  from  a very , very  realistic  dream , a dream  in which  I'd been  with  a
very, very  close  friend , a friend  who  had  passed  away . But in the dream , he was  alive  again  with  all of
the joy of discovering  he was  actually  still alive . And  we were  in a car and  it was  an open  top car. And 
we were  driving  across  the Golden  Gate  Bridge , actually , with  the sun  going  down  on one  side  of the
moon  on the other .
[00:19:40.040]
And we had  our arms  around  each  other's  shoulders  and  we were  laughing  and  telling  jokes . And  we
were  also  laughing  about  all the ways  that  we had  consciously  or unconsciously  insulted  and  hurt 
each  other  over  the years  and  how  we'd  been  good  enough  to forgive  each  other  and  working  out of
that dream  and  the joy of that  dream  and  the forgiveness  of that  dream . Brought  me to understand 
something  of the essence  of what  it means  to be a witness  and  a forgiving  witness  at that  for a good 
friend .[00:20:15.710]
So friendship . I love  this  contemplation  on friendship , this  is now  we were  recording  this  at the what 
one hopes  is the tail end  of a global  pandemic , where  many  of us have  spent  a year  being  less  social 
than  perhaps  we've  ever  been  in our lives . So, you know , I feel  keenly  the importance  of friendship  and
how  imperfectly  I have  maintained  my own  in this  context . And  so just  at one  point , you make  here 
about  the the nature  of friendship  is that  it does  function  by at different  dynamics  than  any other 
relationship , the companionship  it is, as you put it, to our vulnerabilities , more  than  our triumphs  in the
face  of our lives  that  we show  to a friend  is the face  that  we often  busily  conceal  in every  other  social 
encounter .
[00:21:16.670]
Friendship  is characterized  by a real  friendship , is characterized  by a total  absence  of pretense . And 
that's  an interesting  boundary  to discover . And  I guess  we could  just  take  a few  moments  to reflect  on
what  demarcates  friendship  from  other  forms  of acquaintance  with  people . I mean , when  does 
someone  become  a friend  and  how  do you know  that  has  actually  been  accomplished ?
[00:21:43.430]
Yes, Montane , the great  French  essayist  who  really  began  the form  for us, actually , he said  that  that 
real friendship  is very , very  rare , partly  because  it's it's it comes  to us in the same  way  that  a good 
marriage  comes  to us, which  is also  very , very  rare  and  a good  marriage  and  a good  friendship .
[00:22:07.400]
It is is a product  of a willingness  to be fully  vulnerable , but also  to find  the right  person  with  whom  to
be fully  vulnerable .
[00:22:21.660]
And in marriage  and  in friendship , and  you can  have  a kind  of friendship  in marriage  and  you can  have
a form  of marriage  and  friendship , actually  a kind  of commitment  over  the years , you find  that  the
relationship  advances  along  the access  of your  mutual  vulnerability . Rather  than  along  the sense  of
trying  to impress  through  your  powers  and  your  invulnerability , and  so the lovely  thing  about 
friendship  is that  it's constantly  asking  us to be forgiving . Both  of the mistakes  we make  ourselves  in
the friendship , you will always  say the wrong  thing  to the at the wrong  time  to your  friend  over  the
years , partly  on purpose , because  you've  meant  to tell them  you couldn't  quite  get it out.
[00:23:20.840]
It comes  one  day and . They  have  to often  they  work , they  might  go away  for a while , you know . And  to
look  their  wounds , but if the friendship  is still alive , if it is a friendship  of years , by definition  they  have 
come  back  to you and  they  have  forgiven  you.
[00:23:41.840]
And you have  you have  then  to forgive  yourself . And  you have  to find  a way  to actually  include  it in the
conversation  at the same  time . So it's lovely  the way  that  a long  friendship  is is based  on mutual .
[00:23:59.200]
Forgiveness  of one's  sins  towards  each  other  and  the other  lovely  thing  about  friendship  is, is that  is
that a good  friend  looks  at the best  in you. And  remembers  what  they  were  first  drawn  by and  what 
they  were  first  impressed  by. And  knows  you in your  worst  when  you're  not living  up to your 
possibilities  and  encourages  you in your  very , very  best .
[00:24:35.760]
There's  nothing . As good  for your  own  sanity  when  you're  going  through  your  own  difficulties  and 
especially  people  who  start  to hate  themselves , you know , for various  reasons , to have  a good  friend 
who  sees  you through  different  eyes , who  sees  the leading  edge  of your  maturation  in a way . And 
through  their  eyes , brings  your  eyes  to rest  on it, too, so I have  had  a number  of really , really  close 
male  friends  through  my life. I'm just  at the stage  in my life where  I now  have  really , really  good 
female  friends , too.[00:25:15.200]
But I have  a good  circle  of half  a dozen  friends  around  the world , most  of whom  I spend  time  either  in
the mountains  or talking  over  literary  and  philosophical  or both  matters .
[00:25:29.090]
And I have  I have  had  two  incredibly  close  friends , one  who's  passed  away . With  whom  I strangely  still
have  a very , very  powerful  relationship , you know , I began  this  little  disquisition  talking  about 
Montane , who  lived , you know , in the hundreds  and  late  1400's  and . He lost  his close  friend . Etienne 
Delaporte , when  they  were  both  quite  young , but in many  ways , he kept  up an intellectual  and 
philosophical  and  almost  physical  relationship  with  him  after  his death .
[00:26:11.380]
And this  is one  of the remarkable  things  about  true  friendship  is that  it does  transcend  disappearance ,
it transcends  mortality  and  death . I often  think  that  you have  as many  conversations  with  the person 
you have  lost  who  was  close  to you after  they've  gone .
[00:26:29.180]
As you had  before  they  passed  away . And  I often  think  in the case  of John  O'Donohue , who's  a friend 
who  I lost , that  I actually  have  the possibility  of winning  arguments  now  that  I care  while  he's  still
alive , because  I can  always  have  the last  word  and  shut  off the dialogue .
[00:26:51.990]
But there  is always  a sense  actually  in a really  long  and  really  loyal  friendship . Of mortality , actually ,
that one  of you will be gone  before  the other . And  there's  a strange  way , especially  with  with  John ,
who  is also  a speaker , a remarkable  speaker . He was  from  the west  of Ireland . He was  fluent  in
philosophical  German . He was  fluent  in Irish . He had  a bird  of paradise  vocabulary .
[00:27:22.590]
I often  think  that  I begin  a sentence  and  then  he ends  it while  I'm on stage , you know , or vice  versa .
[00:27:31.950]
I remember  something  he said  and  begin  with  that  thought  and  and  then  carry  it on myself . So there's 
this amazing , invisible  and  very  physical  sense  of inheritance  from  a heartfelt  and  powerful  friendship .
Hmm , that's  beautiful . Yes , it's also  interesting , the way  of friendship  reveals  the boundaries  of the
self. And  for instance , one  often  finds  it difficult  to be charitable  to oneself . And  so much  of our self 
talk is, frankly , poisonous . And  it's never  the sort  of thing  we would  say to a friend .
[00:28:16.950]
And one  way  of correcting  for this  is to just  yet consciously  imagine , you know , how  you would  treat 
your  friend  in this  circumstance  where  you are currently  lacerating  yourself  with  self  judgment  and  a
door  to compassion  swings  open  effortlessly  once  you put the lens  of friendship  over  it rather  than 
the your  default  relationship  to your  yourself  and  your  and  your  failings .
[00:28:44.300]
That's  very  well  said . And  it's really  interesting  to extend  that  thought  to how  you speak  to yourself .
[00:28:52.470]
It's interesting  that  most  of the dialogue  we have  with  ourselves  and  in the mirror  is quite  negative .
[00:29:00.780]
If you spoke  to others  the way  you spoke  to yourself  in the mirror , you would  never  have  another 
friend  in your  life clear  your  calendar  rather  quickly . Exactly .
[00:29:10.770]
So it's really  interesting . You  know , we often  think  of meditation  as being  purely  silence  in order  to
make  a friendship  with  this  deeper  sense  of self  and  deeper  sense  of the world . But it's really 
interesting  to think  that  you could  actually  practice  a conversation  with  yourself  that  helped  you tomature . And  helped  in your  own  maturation  that  you could  practice  holding  a fruitful  conversation 
with  yourself ? You  know , I think  there  was  actually  one  French  philosopher  who  defined  the
philosopher  as someone  who  could  stand  on a railway  station  platform  waiting  for the train  for an
hour  and  keep  himself  fully  engaged  with  his own  thoughts .
[00:29:57.490]
Yeah , well , the only  way  you could  do that  is if it was  leading  towards  larger  and  larger 
understandings . So to ask yourself  the beautiful  question  and  to be able  to follow  those  questions 
and to extend  what  we recognize  as self  compassion .
[00:30:17.590]
And to find  a verbal  way , actually , which  is I think  may  be as good  a definition  of poetry  as any, the art
of overhearing  yourself  say things  you didn't  know , you knew  that  you perhaps  to begin  with , were 
actually  afraid  to want  to know .
[00:30:34.810]
And that  you allow  yourself  to understand . So friendship  with  another  always  introduces  us to
friendship  with  the deeper  underlying  phenomena  beneath  the. This  is South .
[00:30:52.260]
Which  is which  is exactly  what  your  your  whole  life is, is is trying  to invite  people  into , I think , well ,
crossing  the boundary  into  what  one  is willing  to let oneself  understand  is a great  Segway  into  our
next  topic , which  is honesty . Honesty  is reached  through  the doorway  of grief  and  loss . Honesty  has 
reached  through  the doorway  of grief  and  loss . Where  we cannot  go in our mind , our memory  or our
body . Is where  we cannot  be straight  with  another  with  the world  or with  ourselves .
[00:31:41.140]
The fear  of loss  in one  form  or another  is the motivator  behind  all conscious  and  unconscious 
dishonesty  is. The  fear  of loss  in one  form  or another  is the motivator  behind  all conscious  and 
unconscious  dishonesty  is. All of us are afraid  of loss  in all its forms , all of us at times  are haunted  or
overwhelmed  by the possibility  of a disappearance , and  all of us, therefore , are one  short  step  away 
from  dishonesty . Every  human  being  dwells  intimately  close  to a door  of revelation  they  are afraid  to
pass  through .
[00:32:27.250]
Honesty  lies in understanding  our close  and  necessary  relationship  with  not wanting  to hear  the truth ,
honesty  lies in understanding  our close  and  necessary  relationship  with  not wanting  to hear  the truth .
The ability  to speak  the truth  is as much  the ability  to describe  what  it is like to stand  in trepidation  at
this door  as it is to actually  go through  it and  become  that  beautifully  honest  spiritual  warrior  equal  to
all circumstances  we would  like to become . Honesty  is not the revealing  of some  foundational  truth 
that gives  us power  over  life or another  or even  the South .
[00:33:20.470]
Honesty  is not the revealing  of some  foundational  truth  that  gives  us power  over  life or another  or
even  the South . But a robust  incarnation  into  the unknown , unfolding  vulnerability  of existence , where 
we acknowledge  how  powerless  we feel , how  little  we actually  know , how  afraid  we are of not
knowing  and  how  astonished  we are by the generous  measure  of loss  that  is conferred  upon  even  the
most  average  life. Honesty  is grounded  in humility  and  indeed  in humiliation . And  in admitting  exactly 
where  we are powerless .
[00:34:10.630]
Honesty  is not found  in revealing  the truth . Honesty  is not found  in revealing  the truth , but in
understanding  how  deeply  afraid  of it we are. To become  honest  is in effect , to become  fully  and 
robustly  incarnated  into  powerlessness . Honesty  allows  us to live with  not knowing . We do not know 
the full story . We do not know  where  we are in that  story . We do not know  who  is at fault  or who  will
carry  the blame  in the end .[00:34:53.610]
Honesty  is not a weapon  to keep  loss  and  heartbreak  at by honesty  is the outer  diagnostic  of our
ability  to come  to ground . In reality , the hardest  attainable  ground  of all, the place  where  we actually 
dwell , the living , breathing  frontier , where  there  is no realistic  choice  between  gain  or loss . So you you
make  the point  that  honesty  is often  a matter  of admitting  how  little  we know  rather  than  merely 
landing  again  and  again  upon  further  truths . That's  interesting  what  it was , how  how  do you think  of
honesty  as a share  in so much  territory  with  a confession  of ignorance ?
[00:35:45.170]
Well , you know , just  by seeing  the way  the word  honesty  is used  as a kind  of weapon  in everyday 
conversation  when  someone  says . Can  I be honest  with  you, you should  always  say no, because  they 
have  a piece  of ammunition  which  they  want  to fire at you.
[00:36:07.550]
Yeah . And  to my mind , the the invitation  to knowledge  needs  to be more  of an invitation , so I think  the
the the pivotal  line in the whole  in the whole  essay  is honesty  lies in understanding  our close  and 
necessary  relationship  with  not wanting  to hear  the truth . And  it's that  axis  of vulnerability , again , its
honesty  is grounded  in in humility .
[00:36:43.940]
So this  is where  you do if you want  someone  to be honest  with  you, you want  it in the context  of
friendship . I always  remember  a good  Irish  friend  of mine  saying  when  I was  I was  starting  to explain 
something  that  I'd done  that  that  had  been  misinterpreted  and  I got halfway  through  the sentence . I
remember  we were  on a mountain  and  in the barren  of North  Claire . And  he turned  around  and  he
said , never  explain . He said  he said , your  enemies  won't  believe  you and  your  friends  don't  need  it.
[00:37:18.700]
It was  the most  beautiful  thing  to say. And  the most  inviting  thing , and  that  led me into  a deeper 
dialogue  with  myself . So the other  pivotal  sentence  in the essay  is honesty  is grounded  in humility  and
indeed  in humiliation . And  in admitting  exactly  where  we are powerless . Honesty  is not found  in
revealing  the truth , but in understanding  how  deeply  afraid  of it we are. And  and  then  it's followed  by
to become  honest  is in effect , to become  fully  and  robustly  incarnated  into  powerlessness .
[00:38:01.640]
I mean , I work  a lot, I have  worked  a lot in the corporate  world  and . I always  say that  real 
conversations  always  happen  along  this  axis  of vulnerability , even  in in the most  the most  powerful 
hierarchies  in the in the business  world . And  the foundational  axis  of vulnerability , you know , in the
hierarchy  of a workplace  is my as a leader  simply  admitting  that  I do not have  all the answers . I've
only got one  pair  of eyes , one  pair  of eyes .
[00:38:37.810]
I've only  got one  imagination  and  one  intellect . But in conversation  with  you, in making  an invitation  to
you, I can  double  and  triple  and  quadruple  and  multiply  all of those  faculties  by creating  a
conversation  that's  attentive  to our mutual  future . But of course , that  kind  of vulnerability  means  that 
giving  up all of my protected  place  in the hierarchy , so honesty  is always , you know , the unspoken 
measure  of integrity  in the workplace . Yeah , but it's also  the it's also  the unspoken  measure  of
integrity  in a marriage  or or a friendship .
[00:39:26.250]
Yeah , well , it really  is an integrity  is is a measure  of how  closely  what  you're  willing  to have  exposed  in
public  and  what  is true  of you in private  are in in register  with  one  another . If you have  a vast 
landscape  of private  preoccupation , which  you would  never  dare  to reveal  to others , you know  that 
that really  is the formula  for a complete  lack  of integrity . I'm interested  in this  discomfort  we feel 
around  the truth , right ? Whether  it's the discomfort  in speaking  the truth  to others  or in knowing  a
truth  about  ourselves  that  really  does  seem  to be yet another  place  where  this  boundary  of self  can  be
discerned .[00:40:16.830]
I mean , that  is that  is the tension . That  is the this  feeling  of self  and  this  feeling  of of living  in jeopardy
under  the gaze  of others  or, you know , under  the gaze  of reality  itself . Yes , and  it's always  the giving 
up of protection . And  immunity , so, of course , there  are parts  of the mind  that  have  evolved , and 
rightly  so, to protect  us and  to create  immunity . And  we've  survived  because  of them .
[00:40:48.030]
But, of course , as you know , you know , I've heard  a lot of your  talks  and  a lot of your  invitations  you
make  through  your  various  talks , you know , to understanding  the deeper , more  movable , more 
conversational  identity .
[00:41:01.920]
We don't  want  to lose  those  powers  of protection , of recognizing  what  is a threat  or what  is other  than
us. You  know , they're  part  of our ability  to survive  in an evolutionary  scale . But they  can't  provide  us
any sense  of real  happiness  or presence , so we have  to go to a different  part  of the mind  whose 
primary  goal  is not protection , but meeting  and  presents  and  what  looks  like an incredible  form  of
generosity  and  beauty  as its gift. Yeah , and  this  is this  other , you know , remarkable  flow  that's  spoken 
to in all of our great  contemplative  traditions .
[00:41:48.860]
And this  deeper  flowing , more  conversational , more  generous  mind  is actually  able  to call on the
strategic  mind  for protection  and  for saying  no and  for saying  this  is other  than  me and  it's bad  for
me. So one  of the great  fears , as you know , is that  we we when  we when  we go into  this  no self , we
will lose  all sense  of discernment . And  we will lose  all sense  of protection . And  it's only  with  maturing 
into the practice  that  we understand  that  we can  call on those  qualities .
[00:42:30.930]
But not have  them  as the central  arbiter  of our identity . So I do think  that  the invitation  to honesty  is
the invitation  to this . To this  deeper  undoing , actually . This  deeper . Identity , which . Is able  to break 
through  these  boundaries  by what  looks  like on the surface , a kind  of robust  vulnerability . Well , the
topics  of identity  and  vulnerability  and  achieving  anything  like security  and  happiness  in this  life lead 
us naturally  to our next  word , which  is ambition .
[00:43:18.830]
I wish  you good  luck . If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  conversation , you'll  need  to subscribe 
and Sam  Harris , Doug , once  you do, you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the Making  Sense 
podcast , along  with  other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and  Amma's . In the
conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app , the making  says  podcast  is ad free  and  relies 
entirely  on listener  support . And  you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris .
[00:43:49.510]
Doug .[00:00:06.810]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . Just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing 
this, you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this 
conversation  in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast . You'll  need  to subscribe 
at Sam  Harris  Dog . There , you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along 
with  other  subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible 
entirely  through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.910]
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  at Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account . And  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . I have  said  and  written  a lot about  free  will over  the years , and  I wanted
to get all of my thoughts  or my most  effective  thoughts  all in one  place .
[00:01:12.090]
Many  of you find  my argument  against  free  will to be very  provocative  and  even  off-putting  and  many 
of you mistake  it for a philosophical  argument  that  doesn't  make  contact  directly  with  experience . So I
want  to see if I can  do this  all in one  pass  and  actually  bring  some  of you along  with  me into  the end 
zone  here . So here's  the starting  point . Most  people  believe  that  they  have  a self  which  enjoys 
something  called  freedom  of will. And  in fact , this  feeling  of self  and  the feeling  that  we have  free  will
are really  two  sides  of the same  coin .
[00:01:56.100]
But here , I'm going  to focus  on free  will because  in many  ways  it's easier  to deconstruct . Now , I found 
to my surprise  that  this  is a very  sensitive  topic , and  so here  I want  to offer  the usual  disclaimer . If it
makes  you uncomfortable  to think  about  these  things , you need  to be the judge  of whether  this 
discomfort  is healthy  and  worth  pressing  into  or whether  it's actually  bad  for you. And  in the latter 
case , just  skip  this  journey  with  me.
[00:02:26.600]
And it's probably  not an accident  that  many  people  find  the prospect  that  free  will might  be an illusion 
to be provocative . Because  the idea  of free  will seems  to touch  nearly  everything  people  care  about 
morality , law, politics , religion , public  policy , intimate  relationships , feelings  of guilt  and  personal 
accomplishment . Most  of what  is distinctly  human  about  us seems  to depend  on our view  in one 
another  as agents  who  are capable  of free  choice . And  I say seems  to because  I don't  think  it does 
really , but it can  take  a little  while  to see this .
[00:03:07.410]
Now , most  people  believe  that  the challenge  is to reconcile  a subjective  fact , the fact  that  we
experience  free  will with  objective  reality , the way  physical  causes  and  events  arise  in the universe .
But I want  you to examine  this . What  I hope  to impress  upon  you is that  the illusion  of free  will is itself
an illusion . There  is no illusion  of free  will and  there  are no subjective  facts  about  it to reconcile  with 
the truths  of physics  and  neurophysiology . In fact , our conscious  experience  is perfectly  compatible 
with  a scientific  picture  of reality  that  does  not stop  or change  character  at the boundary  of our skin .
[00:03:54.120]
Many  people  worry  that  the consequences  of dispensing  with  free  will must  be negative . Now ,
obviously , this  wouldn't  suggest  that  free  will actually  exists , but generally  speaking , this  claim  about 
negative  outcomes  isn't  true  either . Losing  one's  belief  in free  will can  actually  have  very  positive 
consequences . For one , it removes  any rational  basis  for hating  people . And  we'll  explore  that  later 
on. Let's  begin  at the beginning . The  popular  conception  of free  will rests  on two  assumptions .
[00:04:29.560]
The first  is that  each  of us was  free  to think  and  act differently  than  we did in the past . We chose  to,
but we could  have  chosen  B.. He became  an accountant , but you could  have  decided  to be a
firefighter . You  had  chocolate  ice cream  last  night , but you could  have  picked  vanilla . It certainly seems  to most  of us that  this  is the world  we're  living  in. The  second  assumption  is that  we are the
conscious  source  of many  of our thoughts  and  actions  in the present , your  sense  of deciding  what  to
do in each  moment  seems  to be the actual  origin  of your  subsequent  behavior .
[00:05:05.690]
You feel  you want  to reach  and  pick  up an object , and  then  you do the conscious  part  of you that 
wants  and  intends  and  perceives  seems  to be in control  of at least  some  of your  thoughts  and 
actions . However , there  is every  reason  to believe  that  both  of these  assumptions  are false . Of
course , there's  very  little  disagreement  over  the fact  that  events  have  causes , everything  that  arises 
seems  to be born  into  existence  by some  previous  state  of the universe .
[00:05:34.550]
Now , maybe  there's  some  place  to stand  where  all of this  proves  to be an illusion . Maybe  there's 
some  way  to view  the cosmos  as a whole  or reality  itself  and  to say that  nothing  has  ever  actually 
happened . Right . That  change  itself , the process  of cause  and  effect  itself  is an illusion . But let's  leave
that possibility  aside  for the moment . Most  of the time , things  certainly  seem  to happen . Lightning 
strikes  a tree  and  a fire starts  a few  lines  of computer  code  cause  your  phone  to ring .
[00:06:07.340]
And people  are born , they  grow  old, and  then  they  die. Everywhere  we look , we see patterns  of events 
and all these  events  have  prior  causes , which  is to say they  depend  materially  and  functionally  and 
logically  on other  events  that  preceded  them  in time . And  most  relevantly , for our purposes , all of our
conscious  experiences , our thoughts , intentions , desires  and  the actions  and  choices  that  result  from 
them  are caused  by events  of which  we are not conscious , in which  we did not bring  into  being .
[00:06:43.540]
You didn't  pick  your  parents , you didn't  pick  your  genes , therefore , and  you didn't  pick  the environment
into which  you were  born . And  yet the totality  of these  facts  determines  who  you are in each  moment 
and what  you do in the next . And  even  if you think  that  you have  an immaterial  soul  that  somehow 
animates  this  machinery , you didn't  pick  your  soul . The  next  thing  you think  can  do can  only  emerge 
from  this  totality  of prior  causes  and  it can  only  emerge  in one  of two  ways  lawfully , that  is
deterministically  like one  domino  just  getting  knocked  over  by another  or randomly .
[00:07:23.870]
Now , randomness  is a very  interesting  concept , and  it's not clear  how  pervasive  it might  be. There  are
arguments  against  determinism , especially  in quantum  mechanics , that  suggest  that  subatomic 
particles  themselves  make , quote , free  choices , which  is to say there's  nothing  in the prior  history  of
the universe  that  tells  them  what  to do next . And  if what  a particle  does  next  doesn't  depend  on the
past , well , then  there's  no theory  that  can  predict  what  it will do next .
[00:07:55.040]
I'm not taking  a position  against  this  at the level  of particles . But I am claiming  that  this  kind  of
independence  from  prior  causes  would  not give  people  the psychological  freedom  they  think  they 
have  here  for two  reasons . The  first  is that  there's  every  indication  that  larger  systems , like human 
brains , behave  more  deterministically . But more  important , randomness  of any sort  would  not give 
people  freedom  of will. There  is no will in randomness . If you ever  did something  that  was  truly 
random , that  had  no relationship  to prior  states  of your  brain , if it literally  came  out of nowhere , that 
wouldn't  be what  you or anyone  means  by free  will.
[00:08:41.680]
You would  think , what  the hell did I just  do? Right  and  why  did I do it? Such  an action  would  be
precisely  the sort  of thing  we would  deem  out of character , because  it would  be by definition  out of
character . To be in character  is to be discernibly  in line with  prior  tendencies  where  it follows  a
pattern . Something  truly  random  would  be on analyzable . Right . There  would  literally  be no answer  to
the question  of why  you did it.
[00:09:13.610]With  true  randomness , there  is no why . That's  not what  we mean  by Will , much  less  a free  one , right ?
That  is not psychological  continuity  through  time . The  problem  is that  neither  determinism  nor
randomness  nor any combination  of the two  justifies  the feeling  that  most  people  have  that  goes  by
the name  of free  will, the feeling  that  they're  free  to think  and  do more  or less  whatever  they  want  in
the present  in a way  that  allows  them  to be something  other  than  a mere  concatenation  of causes  or
mysterious  influences .
[00:09:50.690]
To be something  other  than  a natural  phenomenon , people  don't  want  to believe  that  they  are in any
sense  like a wave  breaking  on the shore , but this  is how  causes  propagate  or seem  to propagate .
Many  scientists  and  philosophers  have  acknowledged  the problem  here , but most  appear  to think  that
we must  live with  the illusion  of free  will or euphemize  about  it. And  I'm arguing  that  this  is a mistake .
So what  do most  people  mean  by free  will? Well , there's  controversy  over  this  among  philosophers 
and scientists , but I think  the Central  Falls  intuition  is pretty  clear  and  it results  from  how  our
subjectivity  is structured  or appears  to be structured .
[00:10:36.620]
Again , the feeling  of having  free  will is directly  connected  to the feeling  of being  a self . With  respect  to
free will, it amounts  to this  most  people  feel  that  the conscious  part  of their  minds , the one  that  is
experiencing  their  experience , thinking  their  thoughts , feeling  their  feelings , is in control  of their 
mental  life and  behavior  in some  real  way . They  feel  that  they  are the source  of their  intentions  and 
actions , not merely  that  these  mental  and  physical  states  are arising  in their  bodies  somehow , but
that they  are initiated  by their  conscious  minds  in some  way .
[00:11:14.380]
The fact  that  something  is happening  in a person's  body  isn't  really  the point , right ? People  do not feel
free to beat  their  hearts  or to stop  beating  them . They  don't  feel  that  they're  causing  their  cells  to
divide  or to metabolize  energy . They  don't  feel  they're  in control  of their  lives , right , but they  do feel 
that they're  the source  of their  thoughts  and  voluntary  actions . And  at any given  moment , they  feel 
that they  are free  to think  and  do something  else .
[00:11:46.320]
Now , perhaps  you feel  this , perhaps  you feel  that  if you could  rewind  the movie  of your  life and  return 
the universe  to the precise  state  it was  in a moment  ago , you could  think  and  behave  differently . I
think  there's  little  question  that  most  people  presume  this  about  themselves  and  about  other  people ,
not philosophically  but implicitly  as a felt sense  of how  they  exist  in the world . This  seems  to be the
very essence  of what  it means  to hold  ourselves  and  others  morally  responsible  for our actions .
[00:12:24.160]
If someone  does  something  to harm  you intentionally , you feel  they  shouldn't  have  done  it right ? They 
could  and  should  have  done  otherwise  and  you have  a grievance  against  them  that  is very  different 
from  how  you feel  about  a malfunctioning  piece  of machinery  or a gust  of wind  that  might  produce 
the same  harm . So the reason  why  discussions  about  free  will are so fraught  is that  declaring  free  will
to be an illusion  strikes  at the very  heart  of what  people  feel  is true  about  their  own  subjectivity  in
each  moment .
[00:12:56.680]
And it seems  to have  implications  for a wide  variety  of moral  norms . As we'll  see, the implications  are
not what  many  people  think , I'll argue  that  our morality  actually  improves  once  we recognize  that  free 
will doesn't  make  any sense . But again , the consequences  of believing  in free  will or not are quite 
separable  from  any claim  about  what  is true  when  simply  can't  argue  for the reality  of free  will based 
on the imagined  good  effects  of believing  in it and  with  respect  to what's  true .
[00:13:29.090]
The problem  is there's  absolutely  no reason  to believe  that  free  will exists . There's  no objective 
reason  and  there's  no subjective  reason  either . In the end , a belief  in free  will is analogous  to believing
that if you rewound  this  piece  of audio , I might  finish  this  sentence  some  other  way . As I said ,traditionally , this  has  been  viewed  as a philosophical  impasse , we know  we have  free  will because  we
experience  it directly , but we just  can't  see how  to make  sense  of it in terms  of physical  causation .
[00:14:02.220]
But as I hope  to show  you, there  is no impasse  because  there's  no experiential  reason  to believe  in
free will either . The  experiential  you, the conscious  witness  of your  inner  life, the one  who's  hearing 
these  words  right  now , you aren't  the author  of your  thoughts , intentions  and  actions , rather  thoughts ,
intentions  and  subsequent  actions  simply  arise  and  are noticed . But this  doesn't  mean  there's  no
difference  between  voluntary  and  involuntary  behavior . There  is. Let's  take  a closer  look  at this .
[00:14:39.120]
Reach  for something  and  pick  it up now . And  pay attention  to what  the experience  is like. Now ,
whether  you're  aware  of it or not, voluntary  behavior  is structured  by intention  and  expectation , your 
brain  produces  a forward  looking  model  of what's  about  to happen . And  if the model  is violated , you'll 
notice , you know , what  it's like to reach  for something  and  to accidentally  knock  it over . For instance ,
the successful  manipulation  of an object  feels  different  than  just  banging  into  it and  produces 
different  results .
[00:15:14.160]
And voluntary  actions  can  be consciously  interrupted , which  is to say, we can  experience  an impulse 
to stop  them  and  this  impulse  is effective . And  of course , they  can  be deterred  by other  people  and  by
legal  penalties . An involuntary  action  such  as a muscle  spasm  or a reflex  or a seizure  or tripping  and 
falling  can't  be deterred . So there  are many  differences  here  in what  someone  does  voluntarily  says 
more  about  him , about  what  he wants , for instance , and  about  what  he's  likely  to do in the future  than 
an involuntary  action  does .
[00:15:53.630]
Doing  something  on purpose  reveals  something  about  one's  purpose  in life, we don't  need  a concept 
of free  will to notice  these  differences . And  as I'll make  clear  later  on, most  of our ethical  judgments 
remain  unchanged  when  we give  up the illusion  of free  will. But not everything  remains  unchanged .
And a few  things  that  do change  are actually  quite  important . Again , I want  to flag  what  is novel  about
my argument  here . Most  philosophers  and  scientists  believe  we have  an experience  of free  will that  is
undeniable  and  the challenge  is to make  sense  of it in terms  of a picture  of causality  that  seems  not
to allow  for it, whether  that's  deterministic  or random .
[00:16:36.160]
I'm claiming  that  we don't  have  the experience  we think  we have . There  is no experience  of free  will.
So let's  look  more  closely  at our experience . Considering  how  your  thoughts  arise , because  they're  the
basis  for most  of your  complex  behavior , certainly  your  most  deliberate  behavior . If you pay attention 
to the process  of thinking , you'll  see that  your  thoughts  simply  appear  in consciousness  very  much 
like my words . In fact , you can  observe  that  you no more  decide  the next  thing  you think , then  you
decide  the next  thing  I say.
[00:17:14.620]
Mean , what  are you going  to think  next ? You  don't  know  yet your  thoughts  determine  what  you want 
and intend  and  do next . Your  thoughts  determine  your  goals  and  whether  or not you believe  you've 
met them , they  determine  what  you say to other  people  and  what  you don't  say. In fact , thought 
determined  almost  everything  that  makes  you human . Now , most  people  feel  that  they  are the thinker 
of their  thoughts  and  therefore  their  author . And  this  is one  way  of describing  the feeling  of self .
[00:17:48.250]
Subjectively  speaking , as a matter  of experience , there's  no thinker  to be found  in the mind  apart  from 
thoughts  themselves . There's  no subject  in the middle  of experience . Everything , including  thoughts 
and intentions  and  counter  thoughts  and  counter  intentions , is arising  all on its own . And  the feeling 
that there's  a thinker  in addition  to the flow  of thought  is what  it feels  like to be thinking  without 
knowing  that  you're  thinking . It's the feeling  of being  identified  with  the train  of thought  that's  passing 
through  consciousness  in this  moment .[00:18:26.810]
But if you pay attention  to how  thoughts  arise , you'll  see that  they  simply  appear  quite  literally  out of
nowhere  and  you're  not free  to choose  them  before  they  appear . That  would  require  that  you think 
them . Before  you think  them . So here's  the question , if you can't  control  your  next  thought , if you can't 
decide  what  it will be before  it arises  and  if you can't  prevent  it from  arising , where  is your  freedom  of
will? At this  moment , you might  be thinking , what  the hell is he talking  about ?
[00:19:01.460]
Here  is what  I'm talking  about . You  didn't  choose  that  thought  either . If you're  confused  by what  I'm
saying , you didn't  produce  your  confusion , you didn't  decide  to be confused . Conversely , if you
understand  what  I'm saying  and  you find  it interesting , you didn't  create  that  state  of mind  either . And 
if your  mind  is just  wandering  to thoughts  of lunch  and  you missed  half  of what  I just  said , you didn't 
choose  to be distracted . Everything  is just  happening , including  your  thoughts  and  intentions  and 
desires  and  most  deliberate  actions .
[00:19:39.070]
You are part  of the universe  and  there  is no place  for you to stand  outside  of its causal  structure . And 
as we'll  see, there's  no one  to stand  there  either . You're  not a self  in the end . You're  certainly  not a
subject  in the middle  of experience  or on the edge  of it, you're  not on the riverbank  watching  the
stream  of consciousness  because  as a matter  of experience , there  is only  the stream  and  you are
identical  to it. This  is not a metaphysical  statement , I'm not talking  about  how  consciousness  relates 
to the physical  universe .
[00:20:15.920]
I'm talking  about  your  actual  experience  in this  moment . As a matter  of experience , you are not having
an experience  from  someplace  outside  of experience . There  is only  experience . You're  not on the
edge  of your  life looking  in. You're  not sitting  in the theater  of your  mind  watching  a life movie . And 
the feeling  that  you are the feeling  that  you can  stand  apart  from  everything  that's  happening  and  this 
feeling  of being  free  to choose  the next  thing  you do or the next  thing  you notice , the next  thing  you
pay attention  to.
[00:20:57.690]
This  feeling  is itself  part  of the movie , yet more  appearances  in consciousness . There's  just 
consciousness  and  it's contents  in this  moment . Again , this  isn't  just  a philosophical  point , most 
people  think  that  free  will really  exists , it's just  hard  to map  onto  the physics  of things  or it doesn't 
exist . And  we just  have  to admit  that  we're  living  in the grip  of a powerful  illusion . But that's  not what 
I'm saying . I'm saying  free  will doesn't  exist . And  in fact , it's such  an incoherent  concept  that  it's
impossible  to say what  would  have  to be true  of the world  for it to exist .
[00:21:37.290]
There  really  is no way  for causes  to arise  that  would  make  sense  of this  notion  of free  will. But to
make  it a much  more  fundamental  claim  about  the nature  of conscious  experience , I'm saying  there  is
no illusion  of free  will. If you pay attention , you can  see that  your  experience  is totally  compatible  with 
the truth  of determinism  or determinism , plus  randomness . Let's  run a little  experiment . Just  close 
your  eyes . And  take  a few  deep  breaths . And  now  think  of a movie , it can  be one  you've  seen  or just 
one you know  the name  of.
[00:22:19.830]
It doesn't  have  to be good . It can  be bad . Whatever  comes  to mind  doesn't  matter . And  pay attention 
to what  this  experience  is like. A few  films  have  probably  come  to mind . Just  pick  one . And  pay
attention  to what  the experience  of choosing  is like. Now , the first  thing  to notice  is that  this  is as free 
a choice  as you're  ever  going  to make  in your  life. You  are completely  free . You  have  all the films  in
the world  to choose  from .
[00:22:55.610]
And you can  pick  anyone  you want . And  you can  pause  this  audio  and  take  as long  as you want . Now ,let's do that  again . I want  you to become  sensitive  to this  process , so forget  the first  film  and  choose 
another . And  again , pay attention  to what  you actually  experience  here , what  is it like to choose ? What
is it like to make  this  completely  free  choice ? He got a new  film . Do it one  more  time .
[00:23:30.120]
Right , just  clean  the slate . Think  of a few  more  films  and  choose  one . Did you see any evidence  for
free will here ? Because  if it's not here , it's not anywhere , right , so we better  be able  to find  it here . So
let's look  for it. Well , first , let's  set aside  all the films  you've  never  seen  or heard  about  and  whose 
names  and  imagery  are unknown  to you, right ? Needless  to say, you couldn't  pick  one  of those .
[00:24:02.100]
And there's  no freedom  in that , obviously , because  you couldn't  have  picked  one  of those  if your  life
depended  on it. But then  there  are many  other  films  whose  names  are well-known  to you, many  of
which  you've  seen , but which  didn't  occur  to you to pick . For instance , you absolutely  know  that  The 
Wizard  of Oz is a film , but you just  didn't  think  of it. And  if you thought  of The  Wizard  of Oz, apologies ,
but you get my point .
[00:24:27.670]
You can  swap  in the Seventh  SEAL  or Mission  Impossible  or the Deer  Hunter  there . And  if you're 
hearing  this  for the first  time  and  you thought  of all those  films , well , then  we really  are living  in a
simulation . And  it's all about  you, apparently . So consider  the few  films  that  came  to mind , right , in
light  of all the films  that  might  have  come  to mind  but didn't . And  ask yourself , were  you free  to
choose  that  which  did not occur  to you to choose ?
[00:25:01.240]
As a matter  of neurophysiology , your  Wizard  of Oz Circuits  were  not in play  a few  moments  ago  for
reasons  that  you can't  possibly  know  and  could  not control  based  on the state  of your  brain . The 
Wizard  of Oz was  not an option , even  though  you absolutely  know  about  this  film . And  if we could 
return  your  brain  to the state  it was  in a moment  ago  and  account  for all the noise  in the system ,
adding  back  any contributions  of randomness , whatever  they  were , you would  fail to think  of the
Wizard  of Oz again  and  again  and  again  until  the end  of time .
[00:25:38.750]
Where  is the freedom  in that ? It's important  to see that  whether  the universe  is fully  determined  or it
admits  of randomness , the picture  is the same  determinism  gives  you no freedom . Obviously , it would
just be mere  biochemical  clockwork , but randomness  gives  you no freedom  either . If you knew  that 
your  next  choice  of a film  would  be the result  of a random  process , some  quantum  roll of the dice ,
that would  be the antithesis  of what  most  people  mean  by free  will.
[00:26:11.250]
There's  no will in that , and  if that  same  random  influence  appeared  a trillion  times  in a row , just  by
chance , you would  think  of the same  film  a trillion  times  in a row , just  by chance . I mean , no matter 
how  we think  about  causation , whether  things  are determined  or random  or some  combination  of the
two, there's  no place  for you. Is the conscious  subject  to stand  that  isn't  downstream  of causes  that 
you can't  inspect  or anticipate ?
[00:26:42.260]
Everything  is just  appearing  in consciousness . Again , focus  on the experience  here , you can  forget 
about  the metaphysics , free  will is an enduring  problem  for philosophy  and  science  for one  reason .
People  think  they  experience  it. They  feel  they  have  it. Do you experience . Again , if it's not here , it's not
anywhere  are the only  constraint  you've  been  given  is to think  of a film . And  you can  pick  anyone  you
want  and  you can  take  as long  as you want .
[00:27:17.500]
It is likely  that  every  other  choice  you have  made  in your  life has  been  more  constrained  than  this  one .
What  job to take , who  to marry , whether  to have  kids  who  to vote  for most  choices  in life are much 
more  obviously  constrained  by other  variables  than  this  one . So if you're  not free  to simply  pick  a film right  now . I don't  know  where  you're  going  to find  free  will anywhere  in your  life. So really , pay
attention  to the experience , do it one  more  time , pick  a film , any film .
[00:27:54.740]
OK, so. We can  use my films  here  to describe  the experience  I thought  of Chinatown  and  Once  Upon  a
time  in Hollywood  and  Alien . And  let's  say I thought  I'm going  to go with  Chinatown , right , but then  at
the last  second  I thought , no, I'm going  to go with  Alien . This  is the sort  of decision  that  motivates  the
idea  of free  will he go back  and  forth  between  two  or more  options  and  then  you settle  on one  without
suffering  any obvious  coercion  or pressure  from  the outside  world ?
[00:28:29.090]
It's just  you and  your  thoughts  and  you appear  to be doing  everything . So I pick  Alien  over  Chinatown , I
appeared  entirely  free  to make  that  choice . But when  I look  closely , I can  see that  I'm in no position  to
know  why  these  films  occurred  to me in the first  place  or why  I chose  Alien  over  Chinatown . I mean , I
might  have  some  additional  story  to tell about  my choice . I might  now  think , well , everyone  says 
Chinatown  is a great  film , but it's actually  a little  boring .
[00:29:00.310]
So I picked  Alien , which  is not boring . But of course , we know  from  a vast  psychological  literature  that
these  sorts  of explanations  are often  pure  fiction , and  when  people  are manipulated  in a lab, they 
seem  to always  have  a story  about  why  they  did what  they  did. And  it often  bears  no relationship  to
what  actually  influenced  them . It's simply  a fact  that  our judgments  about  the causes  of our own 
behavior  are often  unreliable . Generally , this  comes  courtesy  of the left hemisphere  of the brain .
[00:29:30.590]
But even  if I'm right  in this  instance  about  why  I picked  Alien  over  Chinatown , I'm in no position  to
know  why  my memory  of Chinatown  being  boring  had  the effect  that  it did. Why  didn't  it have  the
opposite  effect ? Why  didn't  I think  I'm going  to go with  a classic , whether  it's boring  or not? The  thing 
to notice  is that  you, as the conscious  witness  of your  inner  life, are not making  decisions , all you can 
do is witness  decisions  once  they're  made , no matter  how  many  times  you go back  and  forth  between
two options , no matter  how  many  other  thoughts  arise  to give  color  to this  process , giving  way  to one 
option  or the other .
[00:30:10.840]
The process  itself  is irreducibly  mysterious  from  your  point  of view , and  whether  these  mental  events 
are fully  determined  or in part  random , the experience  is the same . Everything  is just  happening  on its
own . I say pick  a film  and  there's  this  moment  before  anything  has  changed  for you, and  then  the
names  of films  began  percolating  at the margins  of consciousness  and  you have  no control  over 
which  appear . None  and  really  none . Can  you feel  that ? You  can't  pick  them  before  they  pick 
themselves .
[00:30:52.990]
Someone  else  might  as well  be whispering  the names  of films  in your  ear for all that  you did to some 
of them . And  the same  can  be said  for the process  of choosing  among  the candidates  that  do appear .
Even  if you go back  and  forth  between  two  choices  for an hour , eeny , meeny , miny , mo, you can't  know
why you stop  on the one  that  you finally  choose . If you pay attention  to how  your  thoughts  arise  and 
how  decisions  actually  get made , you'll  see that  there's  no evidence  for free  will.
[00:31:24.640]
Not only  no evidence , it's impossible  to make  sense  of the claim  that  free  will might  exist . What  could 
it refer  to? Forget  about  the physics  of things , what  in your  experience  could  it refer  to? Everything  is
simply  springing  out of the darkness . What  will you think  or intend  or want  or ignore  or forget  and 
then  suddenly  remember  next ? Our experience  of being  an active  in the world  is totally  compatible 
with  the truth  of determinism  or determinism  plus  randomness , and  this  has  implications  not only  for
our sense  of self , but for our ethics  and  our view  of other  people .
[00:32:14.310]And this  insight  can  be extraordinarily  freeing  psychologically , it can  lead  to much  greater 
compassion  both  for other  people  and  for ourselves , and  far from  causing  us to become  passive  and 
insight  into  the illusory  ness  of free  will can  allow  us to behave  much  more  intelligently  in life, as we
will see. I've been  arguing  that  there's  no such  thing  as free  will. So what  is there?  Well , there's  luck ,
both  good  and  bad , and  there's  what  we make  of it.
[00:32:47.420]
Actually , that's  not quite  true , what  you make  of your  luck  is also  just  more  luck . Once  again , you didn't
choose  your  parents , you didn't  choose  the society  into  which  you were  born . There's  not a cell in your
body  or brain  that  you the conscious  subject  created , nor is there  a single  influence  coming  from  the
outside  world  that  you brought  into  being . And  yet everything  you think  and  do arises  from  this  notion 
of prior  causes . So what  you do with  your  luck  and  the very  tools  with  which  you do it, including  the
level  of effort  and  discipline  you managed  to summon  in each  moment , is more  in the way  of luck .
[00:33:31.350]
I mean , how  do you explain  your  capacity  for effort ? How  do you explain  when  you're  lazy ? How  do
you explain  when  you're  lazy , but then  you suddenly  get inspired  and  make  great  effort ? The  you that 
experiences  sudden  inspiration  or a doubling  of effort  or a failure  of nerve , the you that  rises  to the
occasion  or chokes  isn't  in the driver's  seat  in each  moment . There's  a mystery  at your  back  and  it's
producing  everything  that  you can  notice , your  thoughts , intentions , desires , inhibitions  and  all of the
behaviors  and  course  corrections  that  follow  from  them .
[00:34:15.260]
This  is an objective  truth  about  your  subjective  experience . You  can't  inspect  your  causes . Now , most 
people  resist  this  idea  seemingly  at any intellectual  cost , and  yet this  single  insight  is the antidote  to
arrogance  and  hatred , and  it provides  a profound  basis  for compassion , both  for other  people  and  for
oneself . It's the basis  for real  forgiveness , again , for other  people  and  for oneself , it is literally  the path
to redemption  and  it's the only  view  of human  nature  that  cuts  through  the logic  of retribution , this 
notion  of punishment  as justified  vengeance .
[00:34:59.140]
And it allows  us to simply  consider  what  actually  works  in changing  people's  behavior  for the better 
so that  we can  achieve  outcomes  in the world  that  we actually  want . But before  we get into  the ethics ,
we need  to clear  away  some  more  confusion . At this  point , many  people  begin  to wonder  about  the
importance  of choice  and  decision  making  if there's  no free  will. How  do we do anything  and  why  do
anything ? Why  not just  wait  around  to see what  happens ?
[00:35:29.440]
There  is no free  will, but choices  matter , and  this  isn't  a paradox , your  desires , intentions  and 
decisions  arise  out of the present  state  of the universe , which  includes  your  brain  and  your  soul . If
such  a thing  exists , along  with  all of their  influences , your  mental  states  are part  of a causal 
framework . So your  choices  matter  whether  or not they're  products  of a brain  or a soul , because 
they're  often  the proximate  cause  of your  actions . Imagine  that  I want  to learn  to speak  Mandarin .
[00:36:03.820]
OK, how  is that  going  to happen ? It's not going  to happen  by accident  only  to attend  classes  or hire 
native  speaking  tutor  or travel  to China . I'll need  to study  and  practice  and  this  will entail  a lot of effort .
I don't  get frustrated  and  embarrassed  by my failures , and  I have  to overcome  my frustration  and 
embarrassment  and  keep  learning  my decision  to learn  Mandarin  and  all of the efforts  that  follow , if
they  persist  long  enough , will be the cause  of my speaking  Mandarin  at some  point  in the future  badly .
[00:36:41.110]
I'm sure  it's not that  I was  destined  to speak  Mandarin  regardless  of my thoughts  and  actions .
Determinism  isn't  fatalism , Choice's  reasoning , discipline . All of these  things  play  obvious  roles  in our
lives , despite  the fact  that  they're  determined  by prior  causes . And  again , adding  randomness  to this 
machinery  doesn't  change  anything . But the reality  is, is that  I show  no signs  of making  an effort  to
learn  Mandarin . It simply  isn't  a priority  for me. Am I free  to make  it a priority ?[00:37:17.310]
Well , in some  ways , yes, but not in the crucial  way  that  the common  notion  of free  will requires . I can't 
account  for why  I don't  want  to speak  Mandarin  more  than  I do. I can't  decide  to make  learning  this 
language  my top priority  when  it simply  isn't  my top priority . And  if I suddenly  became  the most 
important  thing  in my life, I wouldn't  have  created  this  change  in myself . I would  be a mere  witness  to
this change .
[00:37:43.680]
It would  come  over  me like a virus . If I read  an article  tomorrow  that  convinces  me that  the best  use
of the next  few  years  of my life is to become  competent  in Mandarin , I will not be able  to account  for
why this  article  had  the effect  that  it did.
[00:37:59.630]
I've already  read  articles  like that  and  they  haven't  moved  me. If the next  one  does , where  is the
freedom  in that ? It would  be like being  pushed  off a cliff  and  then  claiming  that  I'm free  to fall. The 
fact that  I might  enjoy  the feeling  of the wind  in my hair  doesn't  change  the situation . And  so it is with 
any other  influence . A conversation  with  another  person  or indeed  a conversation  with  oneself  simply 
has the effect  that  it has  and  not some  other  effect .
[00:38:30.800]
I mean , you are free  to do an almost  infinite  number  of things  today , free  in the sense  that  no one  will
try to stop  you from  doing  these  things  or put you in prison  if you do them . But you're  not free  to want 
what  you don't , in fact , want  or to want  what  you want  more  than  you want  it. You're  not free  to notice 
what  you won't  notice  or to remember  what  you've  truly  forgotten . Again , consider  your  experience  in
this moment .
[00:38:59.040]
Are you going  to spend  the rest  of the day and  tomorrow  and  the day after  that  and  onward  for days 
uncountable , struggling  to master  a skill  that  you don't  happen  to care  about , are you going  to learn 
Mandarin  with  a violin  or fencing  or are you going  to take  up rock  collecting ? Why  aren't  you more 
interested  in rocks ? There  are people  who  are all in for rocks , why  aren't  you one  of these  people ? If
you suddenly  became  one  of these  people  and  began  spending  all of your  free  time  looking  for
interesting  rocks , freely  doing  what  you most  want  to do, you're  now  rock  collecting  to your  heart's 
content .
[00:39:39.050]
Where  is the freedom  in that ? And  if your  interest  suddenly  dissipates  such  that  you no longer  care 
about  rocks , where  is the freedom  in that ? You  are being  played  by the universe . But choices  don't 
matter  because  causes  matter , change  matters  and  a capacity  to make  change  matters . Biological 
evolution  and  cultural  progress  have  increased  our ability  to get what  we want  out of life and  to avoid 
what  we don't  want . A person  who  can  reason  effectively  and  plan  for the future  and  choose  his
words  carefully  and  regulate  his negative  emotions  and  play  fair with  strangers  and  participate  in
various  cultural  institutions  is very  different  from  a person  who  can  do none  of those  things .
[00:40:30.310]
But these  abilities  do not lend  credence  to the traditional  notion  of free  will. People  sometimes  ask,
well, if there's  no free  will. Then  why  are you trying  to convince  anyone  of anything ? People  are just 
going  to believe  whatever  they  believe . You're  very  effort  to convince  them  that  they  don't  have  free 
will is proof  that  you think  they  have  it. Again , this  is confusion  between  determinism  and  fatalism .
Reasoning  is possible  not because  you're  free  to think  however  you want , but because  you are not
free.
[00:41:04.810]
Reason  makes  slaves  of us all. To be convinced  by an argument  is to be subjugated  by it is to be
forced  to believe  it, regardless  of your  preferences . Think  about  what  it's like not to know  something 
and then  to know  it, to learn  something  despite  your  prior  ignorance  or presuppositions  to thecontrary . To be placed  in the grip  of an argument  that  is valid  and  true , to be led step  by step  over 
foreign  ground . Without  spotting  an error , without  seeing  any place  to put a foot  or a hand  to arrest 
your  progress , to then  be delivered  to the necessary  conclusion  is the antithesis  of freedom .
[00:41:53.880]
You're  about  as free  as any prisoner  who  has  ever  led to the gallows . It's the lack  of freedom  that 
makes  the reasoning  possible . That's  why  I know  an argument  that  worked  on me should  also  work 
on you, and  if it shouldn't  work  on you, it shouldn't  have  worked  on me either . Reasoning  is all about 
constraints . Two  plus  two  equals  four . Where  is the freedom  in that ? It matters  that  two  plus  two 
equals  four  and  it matters  that  we each  can  be made  to understand  that  by being  forced  to think 
under  the same  logical  constraints , are you free  not to understand  that  two  plus  two  equals  four ?
[00:42:38.220]
Not if you do, in fact , understand  it. Are you free  to understand  it if you don't  understand  it? Again , no,
right , not until  the understanding  itself  dawns  in your  mind , so whether  you understand  something  or
not isn't  under  your  control . But the difference  matters . Absolutely , and  knowledge  on all fronts 
matters , absolutely . It's every  bit as important  as we imagine  it to be. In fact , it's probably  more 
important  than  most  people  imagine  it to be.
[00:43:11.070]
The physicist  David  Deutsch  has  argued  that  knowledge  can  produce  any change  in the universe 
compatible  because  of a change  in. If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  conversation , you'll  need 
to subscribe  and  Sam  Harris  network , once  you do, you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of the
Making  Sense  podcast , along  with  other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and 
Amma's . In the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app , the making  says  podcast  is ad
free and  relies  entirely  on listener  support .
[00:43:44.660]
And you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris . Doug .[00:00:06.810]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris , just  a note  to say that  if you're  hearing  this ,
you're  not currently  on our subscriber  feed  and  will only  be hearing  the first  part  of this  conversation 
in order  to access  full episodes  of the Making  Sense  podcast , you'll  need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris 
dog. There  you'll  find  our private  RSS  feed  to add  to your  favorite  podcast  show , along  with  other 
subscriber  only  content . We don't  run ads  on the podcast  and  therefore  it's made  possible  entirely 
through  the support  of our subscribers .
[00:00:35.940]
So if you enjoy  what  we're  doing  here , please  consider  becoming  one . As always , I never  want  money 
to be the reason  why  someone  can't  get access  to the podcast . So if you can't  afford  a subscription ,
there's  an option  that  Sam  Harris , Doug , to request  a free  account  and  we grant  100  percent  of those 
requests . No questions  asked . OK, a lot going  on out there  in the world . Lots  of shootings  and  other 
chaos  and  just  absolutely  abysmal  coverage  of seemingly  everything  in the media .
[00:01:18.610]
If ever  we needed  a sign  that  journalism  was  broken , my God , some  of the stories  we're  telling 
ourselves  now . But rather  than  get pulled  into  that  morass , I will press  on here , but I'll be doing  some 
more  Amma's  that  might  be the context  in which  to process  a lot of this  topical  stuff . We're  bringing 
Amma's  back  on the podcast  and  the way  to submit  questions . If you're  a subscriber , you can  submit 
questions  by sending  an email  to ask Sam  at Sam  Harris .
[00:01:57.120]
Doug . Or you can  do this  on Twitter  with  the hashtag  Ask  Sam . And  we will gather  questions  and  I will
release  arms  on those  topics . I think  it will only  be selecting  questions  from  actual  subscribers ,
whether  you're  paying  for that  or it's free  doesn't  matter , but you need  to be a subscriber . Today , I'm
speaking  with  James  Fadiman . Jim  is a psychologist  who  has  degrees  from  Harvard  and  Stanford ,
he's also  taught  at four  different  universities  and  has  had  a very  long  standing  influence  on the topic 
of psychedelics .
[00:02:43.670]
He is one  of the early  researchers  here  and  is probably  more  responsible  than  anyone  for the
phenomenon  of micro  dosing . He's  written  several  books , most  relevantly  here , The  Psychedelic 
Explorer's  Guide . He also  has  a new  book  on the structure  of the self  that  he co-authored  with  Jordan 
Gruber  titled  Your  Symphony  of Selves . And  in today's  conversation , we cover  the terrain  in both  those
books . To some  degree , the first  half  is entirely  on psychedelics . How  to think  about  taking  them , who
should  take  them , who  shouldn't  take  them ?
[00:03:22.760]
Considerations  of set and  setting  the role  of a guide , the effects  of micro  dosing , the difference 
between  MDMA  and  other  proper  psychedelics , so-called  good  and  bad  trips , the power  of thought .
And then  we move  on to a discussion  about  the nature  of the self  and  the fiction  of there  being  a
unified  self . So we talk  about  the self  and  its multiple  forms , states  of self  and  even  multiple  selves 
persay . And  how  all this  might  relate  to compassion  and  an understanding  of and  acceptance  of what
we are as people .
[00:04:05.500]
Anyway , if this  is your  cup  of tea, Jim  is a very  wise  companion  for this . Apologies  for the audio 
quality . This  was  one  of those  conversations  during  covid  where  the local  recording  failed . So all we
had in the end  was  the backup  recording  of the actual  Zoome  conversation . So there  are some  drop 
outs  on Jim  side . Everything  of importance  is intelligible , but the audio  is certainly  less  than  ideal . So I
think  your  ear will get used  to it.
[00:04:37.670]
And now  I bring  you James  Fadiman . I am here  with  James  Fadiman . Jim , thanks  for joining  me. It's a
great  pleasure . We could  spend  a lot of time  trying  to figure  out our where  our mutual  history 
intersected . I'm about  ninety  five percent  sure  that  you and  I once  met  face  to face  at least  once . And I'm sure  we know  many  people  in common , but and  perhaps  we'll  we'll  get there  organically . But
perhaps  you can  summarize  your  background  here .
[00:05:14.470]
How  do you how  do you describe  what  you've  focused  on lo these  many  decades  that  you've  been 
covering  the topics  we're  about  to touch ? Well , I got involved  in psychedelics  before  I entered 
graduate  school  because  Richard  Alpert  turned  me on, I was  living  in Paris  writing  a very  bad  novel ,
and my draft  board  said , would  you like to graduate  school  or Vietnam ? And . I took  the obvious 
choice  and  then  worked  with  the clinical  group  in Menlo  Park , and  just  as I had  completed  my
dissertation  on psychedelic  therapy  and  by the way , I said  it was  good , the government  said , we don't 
want  to know  anything  more .
[00:05:58.870]
Thank  you very  much . And  closed  us down  in the midst  of a research  project . Where  people  were 
using  psychedelics  to solve  absolutely  linear , rational , physical , scientific  problems . And  then  I had 
another  few  careers  outside  of psychedelics  since  the government  didn't  want  us to know  much . And 
a number  of years  ago  got back  involved  in psychedelic  research , particularly  in micro  dosing . And  in
between . I've worked  with  and  taught  a number  of of of psychology  systems  or, you know , life
changing  systems  like affirmations , psycho  synthesis .
[00:06:42.450]
And I recently  just  completed  a book  on internal  healthy  multiplicity , which  was . Apparently  from  the
outside , like, where  did that  come  from , given  what  I just  told  you, I've been  working  on that  quietly  for
twenty  five years  and  finally  got it out. So I'm at a place  of feeling  a lot of life. Ambitions , perhaps , or
inclinations  or directions  are in a completed  state , so I have  a couple  of turns  left and  a lot of things 
I'm intending  to do, and  it's a pleasure  to to be with  you.
[00:07:21.970]
And several  of my relatives  are very  excited  because  they're  long  term  fans  of yours . And  I'm a short 
term  fan of yours . Nice , well , the the admiration  is mutual . I found  your  book , your  books  very  useful 
and illuminating , and  I want  to cover  them  somewhat  systematically  here . I think  that  the focus  will be
on this  first  book  that  that  not your  first  book , but this  first  book . I want  to touch  the Psychedelic 
Explorers  Guide . And  I want  to have  a fairly  structured  conversation  that  can  be useful  to people  who 
are thinking  about  taking  psychedelics , are that  they  are taking  them  and  how  that  can  be done  safely 
in a way .
[00:08:08.210]
Who  should  do it, who  shouldn't  do it. You  know , all the related  questions  here  and  then  we can 
happily  to do those . And  then  we can  touch  your  your  latest  book , which  is titled  Your  Symphony  of
Selves , which  you wrote  with  co-author  Jordan  Gruber  and  talking  about  just  how  you think  about  the
self or selves , plural . And  that  could  be interesting . But just  to get a little  more  of your  back  story . So.
So when  were  you were  you did your  graduate  work  at Stanford , correct ?
[00:08:39.070]
Yeah , that's  correct . So you weren't  at Harvard  getting  dosed  by Richard  Alpert  and  Tim  Leary . How 
did you how  did you come  to.
[00:08:46.840]
I I was  just  before  that . And  they  Richard  Richard  Dick  Alpert  and  I had  become  friends . I was  an
undergraduate  and  I worked  for a summer  for him  in a research  project  in California . So and  we
actually  shared  a house . So we were  we were  really  genuine  friends . And  I was  living  in Paris  truly 
writing  a novel . And  he showed  up on his way  to Copenhagen , where  he was  to present  with  Aldous 
Huxley  and  Tim  Leary  the first  major  presentation  about  psychedelics  to the World  Council  of
Psychologists .
[00:09:23.830]
We met  and  I took  him  to a little  cafe  on the. Richard  Alpert  and  I are sitting  there  and  he's  he's  really looking  and  feeling  a lot, a lot less  neurotic  than  I knew  him  to be. He was  brilliant , neurotic ,
ambitious , charming , a lot of wonderful  things . And  he said  the greatest  thing  in the world  has 
happened  to me and  I want  to share  it with  you. And  I thought , well , how  bad  can  that  be?
[00:09:49.620]
And then  he took  out of his breast  pocket  a little  bottle  of pills , and  I didn't  freak  out, but I certainly 
withdrew  emotionally . I was  so straight  I was  not drinking  coffee . But he said , here , try this . So I took  a
pill, which  I now  would  say would  be a moderate  dose  of psilocybin .
[00:10:10.300]
I said  this  was  synthetic  psilocybin . This  is not the LSD . Right . So this  was  they  had  not they  had  not
discovered  LSD  at this  time . They  started  with  psilocybin . And  after  a while , the colors  got brighter 
and the everything  began  to. Jiggle  a little  with  energy , and  that  was  all new  to me, and  then  I was 
also  aware  of the conversations  behind  me as people  were  walking  by. As one  does , and  then  I
suddenly  realized  that  my French  isn't  that  good .
[00:10:40.660]
Wasn't  that  good ? And  I could  never  hear  those  conversations  prior  to this . And  I looked  at Dick  and  I
said , this  is really  too much  for me. And  he said , well , why  don't  we go back  to your  hotel  room  and 
that was  great . And  he said , it's too much  for me, too. And  I said , What  do you mean  you haven't  taken
anything ? He said , This  is my first  night  in Paris . So we both  withdrew  to my sixth  floor  walk  up and .
[00:11:06.220]
Some  of my cherished  beliefs  were  disassembled  about  what  was  valuable  and  not valuable  in my
life, nothing , nothing  therapeutic  breakthrough , but just  an awareness  that  there  was  a more  to the
way the world  was . But I was  still me and  it was  still my personality  and  my issues . And  a week  later , I
had followed  Dick  to Copenhagen  and  where  I had  another  session  with  him , which  was  really  about 
human  closeness  and  connection  and  kindness  and  support  of one  another  at a level  that  the words 
don't  handle  too well .
[00:11:44.740]
If we had  one  more  notch  up in value  of each  of those  words , that's  what  it was .
[00:11:49.900]
Mm hmm . Life  went  on, and  a few  weeks  later , I was  at Stanford  and  I discovered  in one  little  tiny
corner  of Stanford , a professor  who  was  working  with  Saikat . Experience  that  has  forever  shifted  my
my awareness , my belief  system  and  also  shifted  my career . So that's  a little  more  back  story . When 
would  this  have  been  around ?
[00:12:20.260]
Sixty  one . Nineteen  sixty  one . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , well , it's yes, I'm sure  that  you and  I met  with  Richard 
Alpert , who  was  then  later  known  as Ramdas  at some  point  in the in the late  80s , somewhere  near 
where  Stanford . So anyway , it's great  to meet  again . Before  we dive  into  this , I just  want  to offer  the
obligatory  disclaimer  to our listeners  that , you know , we're  not giving  medical  advice . We're  not
recommending  that  you personally  take  psychedelics .
[00:12:55.020]
And we obviously  we don't  know  your  personal  situation , dear  listener . So you just  have  to read  the
lines  and  between  the lines  in this  conversation  to extract  anything  that  might  be useful  to you in your 
specific  situation . I mean , obviously , we're  not going  to soft  pedal  the underlying  truth  here , which  is
that psychedelics  have  been  incredibly  useful  to to each  of us personally , and  the resurgence  of
research  on them  holds  great  promise  for everyone , really . And  it's it's one  of the happier 
developments  in recent  years  in psychological  science .
[00:13:33.810]
But obviously , where  most  people  are living , these  drugs  are likely  to be illegal  and  therefore  you
encourage  some  risk just  taking  them , however  benign  your  experience  on them  might  be. And , youknow , some  people  can  have  bad  experiences , which  we'll  get into . So with  that  caveat  out of the way ,
let's start  with  general  considerations  here , Jim , who  should  and  shouldn't  think  about  taking 
psychedelics ? Well , one  of the obviously  the questions  I get a lot over  the years  is.
[00:14:11.450]
I'm thinking  of taking  LSD , but and  I say don't  do it, and  they  say, but I haven't  told  you my reasons . I
said , no, if you feel  there's  a reason  you shouldn't  take  a psychedelic , you have  to listen  to that . So my
caveat  is much  stronger  than  yours , Sam , in that  way . And  the question  of who  and  who  shouldn't 
take  it is only  one  that  can  be answered  by an individual . I can  tell you that  if you read  the literature ,
there's  a lot of discussion  about  not having  a psychodelic .
[00:14:44.010]
These  are all high  dose  discussions  we're  having  right  now .
[00:14:46.840]
Yeah , we'll  talk  about  micro  dosing  later . But for high  doses , the science  world  says  no one , not if
you've  had  a psychotic  episode , not if you've  been  a schizophrenic , not if you're  bipolar  and . Not  if you
had a serious  mental , you know , something  like that . No. I used  to wonder  about  that  is where  did we
get that  information ? So I started  searching  around  and  I asked  some  of the senior  researchers  who 
were  friends . And  the answer  was  actually , there  isn't  any information  like that  out there , what  there  is
is.
[00:15:21.490]
People  doing  research  don't  want  those  people  in the research  because  if they  have  a bad  experience 
or six months  later  they  have  a bad  experience  that  has  nothing  to do with  psychedelics , they  will
blame  it on psychedelics . Now , I followed  this  a little  bit more  with  bipolar , because  that's  one  of the
groups  that  can  never  get in any research  projects . And  if you go online , of course , if you go to the
web, of course , there's  a group  of people  who  are bipolar  who  talk  to each  other .
[00:15:53.460]
And so I asked  them , would  you comment  if any of you had  any psychedelic  experience ? Do you have 
any advice  for the other  people  on this , this  group  and  the general  advice  was  from  people  who  had 
used  psychedelics  and  I don't  know  how  or under  what  conditions . But they  said  on the manic  phase 
of being  bipolar , don't  take  anything . And  on the depressive  phase  of bipolar , a number  of them  said 
that psychedelics  had  been  very  helpful . So that's  not published  and  that's  not science .
[00:16:29.940]
But that's  what  I call citizen  science . Which  is what's  actually  happening  out there . It's important  to
keep . There  are a lot of research  studies  and  most  of them  are very  favorable  and  exciting , but behind
that, since  psychedelics  were  made  illegal  in the late  60s , early  70s  in the United  States  and  just  the
United  States , 30 million  people  have  tried  high  dose  psychedelics  or just  LSD , not all psychedelics .
And as of yet, we have  we have  no deaths  and  we have  a lot of people  who  had  very  unhappy  and 
difficult  experiences , but in some  senses  it's a very  safe .
[00:17:13.090]
These  are safe  substances  physiologically , and  if you don't  know  what  you're  doing , you can  have  a
terrible  experience  even  on a moderate  dose . So the variable  is having  some  understanding  of what 
you are, what  you're  doing  and  what  you're  learning . And  so recommending  or not recommending  is
not something  I do except  to not recommend  unless  you know  what  you're  doing .
[00:17:36.880]
Yeah , this  is a bit of a conundrum , however , because  even  very  experienced  psychonauts , as you
know , can  feel  significant  trepidation  when  thinking  about  taking  a high  dose  of anything . I mean ,
even  knowing  what  you're  in for, even  having  experiences  under  your  belt  that  you consider  to be not
only benign  but incredibly  transformative , you still approach  this  howling  abyss  with  the appropriate 
awe and  concern , you know , often  and  maybe  even  someone  as seasoned  as Terence  McKenna 
would  talk  about  the feeling  of fear  he would  live with  around  this  consideration  of whether  he should trip again .
[00:18:25.240]
And so if your  prescription  or nonprescription  is if you feel  any hesitation  about  doing  this , don't  do it.
It's a little  hard  to apply .
[00:18:36.640]
Well , that's  probably  why  I put it out there , because  it gives  people  a hesitation . And  the image  that 
came  to mind , as you were  saying  it is, is skydiving . No matter  how  many  times  you skydive  and  how 
carefully  you check  your  gear , you know  that  sometimes  people  fall out of the sky and  and  it does .
And the chute  doesn't  open . And  it's not a matter  of. Skill  or experience , it's a matter  of the facts  are
that these .
[00:19:06.450]
These  substances  will take  you places  you do not intend , and  I think  that's  part  of the reason  why  I've
backed  off from  high  dose  work  and  high  dose  research . Because  it can  be, it can  always  be. Not  only
a scary  experience , which  is fine , people , you know , pay a lot of money  to be frightened  if you've  ever 
been  to what's  called  an amusement  park . But the question  of benefit  is really  where  I'm I'm looking 
at, I'm not really  that  interested  in people  who  kind  of are tripping  because .
[00:19:43.880]
They're  streaming  services  down  here . I'm very  interested  in people  who  are saying  I really  want  to
learn  something  important  that  will perhaps  change  my life and  therefore  I'm preparing  appropriately .
Mm hmm . Yeah , I should  say I've said  before  that  I didn't  take  any psychedelics  for at least  25 years 
based  on the kinds  of concerns  we've  just  sketched  here . I mean , just  just  a growing  awareness  of
what  a colossal  spin  of the psychological  roulette  wheel  it was . And  having  had  some  scary 
experiences , I decided , you know , I meditation  was  was  a much  more  governable  game .
[00:20:29.390]
And so I you know , it wasn't  until  very  recently , about  a little  over  a year  ago  that  I had  my first  in
several  decade  significant  trip, which  I found  incredibly  useful , but. The  seriousness  of intent  that 
should  frame  this  project  is worth  emphasizing , because  there  really  is a distinction  between  a
recreational  approach  to these  things . I mean , you're  just  bored  and  you want  to have  fun and  you
might  do this  at a party  or do it at a concert  or, you know , when  under  conditions  where  those  things 
exist .
[00:21:04.470]
Obviously , we're  having  this  conversation  during  the covid  pandemic  and  there's  not a lot of either  of
those  things , but. People  tend  to approach  this  frivolously , and  it's not that , you know , that  doesn't 
certainly  doesn't  guarantee  a bad  experience . You  can  have  a great  experience  doing  that . But it's not
really  the appropriate  orientation , in my view . And  it sounds  like you agree , Jim . It's just  that  there 
really  is these  are incredibly  powerful  tools . Well , as my favorite  kind  of what  why  you have  to why 
recreational , it may  be a little  more  risky  than  you think  is my kind  of young  people  who  said  to me
once  we were  having  this  fabulous  trip until  the car caught  on fire, that  really  shifted  everybody's 
reality  in a way  that  they  weren't  able  to cope .
[00:21:55.030]
So we're  really  looking  at something  and  actually  in terms  of my being  conservative  and  it's wonderful
that psychedelics  have  moved  so far that  I'm conservative . Is if you're  going  to have  a high  dose 
experience  and  you intend  to get anything  from  it, it's very  important  to have  a guide , a companion , a
designated  driver , so to speak , somebody  who  knows  more  than  you do and  cares  about  you. That 
turns  out to be a way  of preventing  almost  all strongly  negative  experiences , because  when  you're 
caught  in a negative  experience  and  you're  on your  own  or you're  with  other  people  who  are off on
their  own  trips , it's very  hard  to get out when  there's  a guide .
[00:22:40.630]
It's very  easy  to get out. So let's  talk  about  that , each  of those  in chapter , so I want  to talk  about  therole of a guide  here , but this  section  might  be called  Set and  set in. How  do you recommend ? And 
again , we're  talking  about . Large  effective  doses  here , not micro  doses , which  we'll  talk  about  later .
How  do you think  about  people  preparing  for a significant  trip, whether  it's, you know , psilocybin  or
LSD or ayahuasca , or we can  talk  about  specific  compounds  in a moment .
[00:23:17.630]
How  do you think  about  this , the concept  of set and  setting ?
[00:23:21.050]
Well , what  we know  is that . Psychedelics  are incredibly  sensitive  to set or your  mental  attitude  and 
setting  the literally  physical  situation  you're  in, and  that  includes  the other  people  who  are around . And
the main  reason  that  I wrote  that  book , The  Psychedelic  Explorers  Guide , is for the first  two  chapters 
which  detailed  how  to become  a good  journey  or how  to be how  to do how  to set yourself  up the best 
way possible , and  also  how  a guide  should  behave  and  what  what  knowledge  they  should  have .
[00:23:58.310]
Because  it's not a simple  question . But fundamentally , the question  is always , do you feel  safe ? Is it
truly  safe ? Is it private ? So you won't  be disturbed ? And  do you have  some  idea  of what  you do you
understand  the substance ? Do you understand  what  the doses  are are like? And  do you have  some 
intentions ? And  perhaps  that's  what  set is about , which  is what  do you intend ? And  it is likely  that  you
will.
[00:24:30.810]
Have  what  you intend , but you'll  have  something  else  that  goes  with  it. So all of those  are important ,
and I think  the way  I've said  is it's set in setting  and  situation , which  is what's  your  life situation ? If
your  life situation  is very  difficult , even  if you're  in a lovely  set and  setting , it's not going  to your  life
situation  is going  to impinge  on that  and  you're  going  to be in trouble . What's  the substance ? Do you
know  what  you're  taking ?
[00:24:56.760]
If you bought  it illegally , has  it been  tested ? The  word  I use then  is Sittar , because  I'm actually  trying  to
use Esses  because  you do that  when  you write  books . But as a sinner  is almost  like a coach  and  a
coach  doesn't  bother  you unless  something  is needed  to be helped . So if you for instance , you're  lying 
on a couch , you have  music , you take  off the headphones , you sit up and  you said , I think  I'm dying .
[00:25:25.630]
And you do you think  you're  dying  and  everything  in your  in your  mind  is telling  you that  and  the guide 
friend  Sittar  looks  over  at you and  said , oh, that's  great . And  reaches  out his hand  or her hand . And 
part of you says , wait , wait , wait , wait . I just  said , I'm dying , and  this  person  who  I know  and  love  says 
it's great . And  then  another  part  of you said , Oh. I took  this  substance  and  it's taking  me in a different 
and I'll just  see what  what  actually  is being  done  by the notion  that  I'm dying  and  what  people  then 
find out, and  this  is more  on reflection  later , is as your  ego  is noticing , that  it's about  to be demoted 
from  amazingly  important  to something  that  is useful .
[00:26:13.640]
It often  will come  up with  these  amazing  scenarios  of what  a bad  idea  it is for the rest  of you to
discover  the correct  placement  or the correct  kind  of status  of your  of your  so-called  identity .
Remember , Alan  Watts  had  a wonderful  comment  as he would  look  in the mirror  and  he'd  say, what 
percentage  of me has  ever  heard  of Alan  Watts ? If you just  look  at yourself  physiologically , the
answer  is a tiny amount  of your  brain  has  to do with  your  identity  and  the rest  of it really  has  other .
[00:26:47.840]
Other  preoccupations . So that's  part  of what  I'm suggesting  is why  preparation  is important . Do you
want  to say any more  about  the role  of a guy and  can  a guide  be simply  any well-intentioned  person 
who's  not tripping  along  with  you or does  require  some  special  experience ?
[00:27:09.640]Well , the fact  of the matter  is that  most  people  do not have  access  to highly  trained , sophisticated 
guides  who  participated  in research  studies , et cetera . So the reality  of it, what  my opinion  or not, is
that very  kind , loving  people  who  have  had  prior  psychedelic  experiences  that  are positive  often  can 
be very  healthy , safe  guides .
[00:27:37.500]
Again , the term  is close  to a designated  driver  where  you don't  need  someone  who  is an auto 
mechanic  and  a race  car driver  to be your  designated  driver , you need  someone  who  has  control  of
their  feelings  and  emotions , is physiologically  sound  and  who  knows  how  to drive . Right . So it would 
be there  is a whole  class  of people  known  as guides . Michael  Pollan  in his work  for his book , he says 
there  are hundreds  of them  across  the country . There  is even  an international  guild  of guides  which 
has been  formed  in the Netherlands , so there  is an occupation .
[00:28:18.000]
Where  you can  actually , in many  locations , find  people  who  will who  have  a lot of experience  and 
sitting  with  people , and  so that's  that's  a kind  of in-between  place . And  I was  struck  a few  years  ago  in
Berkeley  on a. You  know , on a power  pole , there  was  stapled  a little  notice , it said  trip sitter , just 
someone  to sit with  you while  you are tripping . And  it basically  gave  a phone  number . And  this  was 
someone  who  you could  hire  to come  to your  house  and  sit with  you.
[00:28:50.610]
So we are creating  a kind  of new  occupational . Grouping  here  of people  who  know  not only  a lot more
than  you do, but consider  it, consider  it usually  more  than  a vocation  to help  you.
[00:29:05.390]
And I guess  the final  question  on set in, how  do you think  about  the difference  between  taking  one  of
these  compounds , let's  say, LSD  or psilocybin  out in nature  or, you know , with  with  senses  directed 
outward  versus  an internal  journey , whether  you're  blindfolded  or just  in in a dark  room ? Well , I think 
it's it's the same  discussion  you have  about  mysticism  is that  there's  internal  mysticism  where  you go
inside , then  you find  that  everything  in the universe  is inside  or you go outside  and  you find  that 
everything  in the universe  is outside .
[00:29:44.240]
The difference  is that  if you have  if you're  interested  more  in your  own  psychodynamics . And  you
have , say, therapeutic  intentions , probably  you will do better  staying  inside . Where  you are less  literally
likely  to be distracted  by the the amazing  beauty  of the ten thousand  things . If you wish  to blend 
more , to become  more  aware  of your  continuity  with  the natural  world , then  outside  is fantastic  and 
will give  you a a recognition  of your  continuity  with  the natural  world .
[00:30:25.740]
That  is not that  you don't  lose . You  don't  forget . Now , let's  talk  about  dosage , and  here  we can  we can 
talk about  micro  dosing  as well . And  am I right  in thinking  that  you're  you're  essentially  the father  of
micro  dosing  at this  point ?
[00:30:40.770]
I think  at the moment  I'm probably  the the the person  who  has . The  largest  number  of cases  in his in
his research  base  and  has  talked  the most  about  it and  is probably  the most  quoted , there's  a
generation  of researchers  coming  up fast  behind  me and  will soon  push  me aside . But for right  now .
Yeah , I'm probably  I'm probably  the most  the most  well  known  and  person  and  has  done  and  has 
reported  on micro  doses  in ways  that  other  people  haven't .
[00:31:15.530]
Yeah . Hmm . OK, well , that  was  that  was  a fourth  round . What  what  was  an attempt  at humility .
[00:31:21.020]
And I think  you're  going  to have  to boost  the dosage  that  I think  you have . That's  always  that's  that's 
not necessarily  always  the best  suggestion  saying .[00:31:32.060]
So let's  differentiate  these  two  projects  because  they  really  are distinct . Let's  talk  about  macro  dosing
first.
[00:31:40.400]
Let me just  go right  up the line. Sure . And  let's  let's  start  at around  twenty  five micrograms  where 
people  report  some  psychedelic  effects , very  mild  availability  of we're  just  talking  LSD  and  I'll do it in
micrograms . OK, around  50 micrograms  is a what  was  called  originally  a museum  dose  and  now  is
called  a concert  dose . And  if you've  ever  wondered  when  you go to a concert  why  there's  that 
unbelievably  huge  light  show , it's because  such  a large  percentage  of the patrons  have  come .
[00:32:16.050]
Intending  to get as much  out of the light  show  as the music . And  that  maybe  is 50 to 100 . At one 
hundred  micrograms , one  can  do very  hard  nosed  scientific  research . And  there's  a great  many 
companies  around  the world , some  of which  admit  to it, where  a number  of breakthroughs  are
attributed  to working  in that  way  with  that  dosage , when  you get into  the 100  to 200  microgram  range ,
it's psychotherapeutic . Which  is you can  work  with  a therapist  somewhat  the way  the therapist  wants 
to meeting , you're  still in communication .
[00:32:57.540]
You will. Trip  off into  kind  of thought  loops , if someone  if your  therapist  says , do you want  to look ,
look  at the death  of your  mother . Ten  minutes  later , you may  return  to the room  and  say, yes, thank 
you for for that , I understand  it much  better  and  I understand  my reactions . Once  you go above  two 
hundred  and  up to, say, four  hundred , then  you're  usually  talking  about  what  is called  a transcendent 
or a mystical  or a unity  experience .
[00:33:29.740]
That's  when  you lose  your  primary  identification  with  your  own . Physical  identity  and  your  own 
psychological  identity , so you are no longer  if I meant  in taking  400  rounds  at some  point . Jim 
Fadiman  becomes  a subset  of the larger  being  that  I feel  myself  to be, and  in that  state , people  report .
Things  like experiencing  the birth  of the universe  or physically  their  own  birth  or memories  of past 
identities . It's what  we called  in an original  report  in the 60s , the psychedelic  experience  which  is
experiencing  that  you're  that  you're  Alan  Watts  said  it nicely .
[00:34:23.830]
As you exist , your  body  doesn't  end  at your  fingertips . And  that  is a revelation  to people . And  on their 
return  from  that  higher  dose , they  often  will see that  parts  of their  own  emotional , physical , social 
system  are really  defective  and  they  make  massive  change . I recall  working  with  several  alcoholics 
and they  were  referred  by the courts , so they  were  not exactly  eager  to have  a psychedelic  experience .
This  is the early  60s  in all of this  was  not known , and  each  one  of them  a week  later  went  out and 
drank  and  then  came  back  to us and  said , What  have  you done  to me?
[00:35:05.530]
And we said , you know , we gave  you a psychedelic . And  they  said , But I don't  like drinking . It doesn't 
feel like it feels  like it shrinks  my my my expanded  awareness . So there's  a wonderful  bit of video 
footage  from  some  work  done  at Spring  Grove  Hospital  again  in the late  60s , this  was  40 years  later ,
one of these  overnight  recovered  alcoholics . And  the filmmaker  is saying , well . Can  you talk  about 
your  drinking , since  I haven't  had  a drink  in 40 years  and  the filmmaker  talks  about  willpower  and  the
man  laughs  and  says  it has  nothing  to do with  willpower .
[00:35:47.140]
I've never  had  any interest  in drinking  ever  since . So a high  dose  or a mystical  experience  level  dose 
has a number  of additional  effects  that  will not be found  at lower  doses . And  that's  pretty  much  all the
way down  that  the two  hundred  the psychotherapeutic  dose  you have , things  will happen  at a lower 
dose , et cetera . Does  that  at once . What  do you consider  an analogous  dose  of of mushroom's ? And 
or synthetic  psilocybin . Yeah , in the couple  of thousand  cases  I have , we have  I think  one  person  was synthetic  suicide .
[00:36:27.150]
And so it's interesting .
[00:36:28.900]
It's. Well , I guess  it's coming  back  now  right  into  the in the research , but it's not. Well , it's coming  back 
because  there  are a lot of people  who  can  make  money  from  it. It's coming  back  research  because 
researchers . Who  come  out of a psychopharmacology  model  wants  something  that's  as close  to a
normal  psychologically  active  substance  as possible , and  they  love  to have  accurate  measurement ,
even  though  the amount  a person  should  take . Should  be based  on what  the person  actually  needs ,
not on their  weight  or their  age .
[00:37:09.340]
It's a little  bit as if people  came  in for meals  and  you gave  everyone  the exact  amount  of each  food 
carefully  measured , and  they  said , but hey, I want  more  potatoes . And  they  said , no. The  study  says 
everyone  has  to have  the exact  amount  of potatoes . So I have  obviously  some  biases  about  some  of
the scientific  research , even  the best  of it. But what  we're  looking  at with  psilocybin  is three  to five.
Grams  of mushroom  will give  you a a fairly  expansive  trip.
[00:37:46.210]
People  have  taken  much  more  than  that , and  at some  point  they  they  stop  bringing  back  useful 
information . And  so in my world , that's  what  too much  of a dosis . Each  mushroom  has  its own  level ,
its own  amount  of psilocybin , even  if you have  mushrooms  from  the same . Same  little  patch , the
same  species . They'll  be different , so it's much  harder  when  you get into  natural  substances . And  for
example , what  I know  is with  ayahuasca .
[00:38:19.240]
The Iowa  Scarrow , the the shaman  who  is who's  doing  the giving  the medicine , whether  they're  trained
in South  America  or or one  of the hundred  or so in Los  Angeles , they'll  give  you what  they  think  is a
good  amount  and  then  later  on, they  will give  you more  if that  seems  to be useful . Now , how  much  is
a good  amount ? OK, it's a quarter  cup . It's a half  cup . They're  using  their  clinical  they're  kind  of
intuitive  knowledge  rather  than  a scale , so once  you get into  organics , it's much  harder  to say what's 
the right  amount  when  you get into  micro  dosing , it's much  easier .
[00:39:01.080]
Question  of Dose  has  always  been  subjective . And  the people  that  I worked  with  clinically , I gave  you
those  numbers . But let me let me show  you how  it works . Four  hundred  micrograms  is an amazing 
amount  of psychedelic . When  you have  an alcoholic . And  you give  them  400  micrograms  an hour  and 
a half  later , they're  walking  around  the room  and  saying , man , something's  going  on, but I don't  feel 
comfortable . And  what  are you guys  doing  anyway ?
[00:39:33.510]
Anyone  else  at that  point  is on the couch  voluntarily  asking  for headphones  and  a blindfold  because 
the input  is so overwhelming . Well , when  you add  to the alcoholic's  cocktail , another  400  micrograms ,
so they're  now  taking  800  micrograms , which  I don't  recommend  to anybody . They  settle  down  and 
again , behave  exactly  the way  everyone  else  does  on a much  lower  dose . And  I looked  at that  for a
long  time , actually  studied  alcoholism  and  why  most  treatments  don't  work .
[00:40:10.270]
And what  I realized  with  psychedelics  is alcoholics  have  learned  and  have  a physiology  that 
cooperates  to handle  very  large  doses  of substances  that  distort  consciousness . So they're  in a
sense , their  ability  to hold  on and  to hang  on to their  defenses  is far more  developed  than  for the rest 
of us. So I'm dancing  around  the dosage  question  because  it's not quite  the appropriate  question , the
appropriate  question  is what  is the correct  amount  for this  person  on this  day for this  intention ?
[00:40:47.410]And that , of course , is an individual  question , is there  anything  in your  mind  that  significantly 
differentiates  the experience  on a high  dose  of LSD  versus  a high  dose  of psilocybin ? That  is
mushrooms  in most  cases . Well , the feeling  in the the underground  who  takes  a lot more  drugs  than  I
do. Is that  psilocybin  is a kinder  experience , it's a more  emotionally  gentle  experience , and  that's 
partly , it is said , because  there  is a plant  spirit  behind  it.
[00:41:24.700]
LSD is considered  a little  colder , a little  more . It doesn't  let you off easy . And  I know  these  are all very 
vague  terms , unless  you know  what  I'm talking  about , my research  associate  doctors  five Corb  at one 
point  set up a little  bot and  it asks  the little  bot to say, here's  one  hundred  reports  from  Erowid  about 
psilocybin  experiences  here . One  hundred  reports  of LSD  experiences . Can  you this  little  learning  bot
distinguish  the two  if you if you can't  be told  which  substance  it is.
[00:42:03.280]
So it kind  of blinded  artificial  intelligence  at the A.I., a robot  said , no, I actually  can't  tell the difference 
between  those  experiences . There's  another  group  of people  who  are saying  the difference  between  a
synthetic  psilocybin  and  a mushroom . Is also  a great  difference  and . That  is also  not yet particularly 
we don't  know  quite  what  that  means , but it's probably  true  since  a mushroom  has  a whole  nother  set
of alkaloids  in it. So it should  have  a slightly  different  effect  than  just  the psilocybin  molecule .
[00:42:41.080]
Yeah , but one  obvious  difference  is just  the time  course  of the trip. LSD  trip lasts  about  twice  as long 
as a mushroom  trip.
[00:42:49.540]
OK, that's  important  because  that's  one  of the reasons  that  the research  has  gone . The  way  it has 
questions  is with  the psychedelic  renaissance . Why  are most  of these  studies  psilocybin ? Why  not
LSD? Because  with  LSD , we have  a couple  of thousand  research  papers  to start  with . And  I asked  one 
of the senior  researchers . And  this  is this  is this  comes  on a little  ridiculous , but it's actually  quite 
subtle  and  sensible . He said  there  are several  reasons .
[00:43:23.050]
One is so Simon  will give  the same  experience , but in a shorter  amount  of time , four  to six hours . LSD 
eight  to 12, if you're  working  with  someone  eight  to 12 hours  in a research  setting , that's  two  shifts  of
personnel  that  doubles  your  personnel  costs . So there's  a motive . I said  there's  two  things  about 
psilocybin . One  is it's not called  LSD , meaning  it doesn't  there's  not a lot of press  about  it and  a lot of
research , not a lot of.
[00:43:57.220]
Not a lot of negative  press  from  the 60s . Yeah . The  other , and  this  is my favorite , is psilocybin  is hard 
to spell  from  what  they're  saying , is that  just  because  it's more  it sounds  more  like a scientific  term ,
people  are more  comfortable  with  it.
[00:44:15.500]
Which  makes  me wonder  why  there  isn't  more  research  on DMT , because  that's  that's  over  in 15
minutes . And  dimethyltryptamine  is also  hard  to spell .
[00:44:24.110]
And DMT  is not on DMT  of you. Do you have  experience  with  pure  DMT  as opposed  to DMT ? Is the
one of the active  ingredients  in ayahuasca  as well , but. That's  a very  different  experience , apparently .
Do you have  the smokeable  very  short  acting  experience  or the injectable  very  short  acting 
experience ?
[00:44:47.520]
Although  I may  now  lose  at least  half  of your  audience , I have  not a great  many  experiences  and  I
don't  seek  out new  substances  to experience . It's kind  of like people  who  like wine . Some  people  like
wine  to drink . Some  people  like wine  to find  interesting , difficult , rare , amazing  wines . The  question always  for me is what  is the take  home  value ? Now , that  that's  a little  bit as if someone  and  I say, well ,
you went  to a concert , what's  the take  home  value ?
[00:45:19.960]
They  said , don't  be ridiculous . I went  to the concert  for the the being  there  at the time . Well , I have 
nothing . There's  nothing  wrong  with  that , and  I, of course , do the same  thing , but because  of my
background , I probably  take  psychedelics  more  seriously  than  most  people . So the question  of of all
these  different  substances  and  all these  different  forms . Doesn't  it doesn't  resonate , and  I remember 
when  I was  sending  out little  I gave  a talk  at Santa  Cruz , you see Santa  Cruz  some  years  ago , and  I
asked  each  of the people  there  to fill out a little  form .
[00:45:58.110]
What's  your  best  trip, what's  your  worst  trip, why  did you come  here  tonight  and  what  have  you used ?
And these  were  all undergraduates  and  there  was  one  young  man  who  had  tried  24 different 
psychedelic  substances . And  I thought  he probably  doesn't  get much  out of it. He's  a collector  of of of
of having  done  experiences  and  that's  very  different . The  other  side  of that , the other  way  of arguing 
that is the the notion  is and  this  is I think  from  Jean-Paul  Sartre  or KOMU , which  is when  you ask God 
a question .
[00:46:38.300]
And he answers  it, you hang  up the phone . So for a lot of people , they  say, well , I learned  what 
psychedelics  had  to teach  me and  my interest  then  diminished . Yeah , yeah , well , that's  certainly 
resonates  with  me, and  I certainly  felt that  for 25 years , and  it's just  not something  that  I imagined 
doing  with  any frequency  at high  doses , certainly . But, you know , I've never  taken  ayahuasca , I've
never  smoked  DMT .
[00:47:12.520]
And I just  hearing  about  the phenomenology  of those  experiences . They  sound  like they  are are
certainly  opening  different  doors  in the the mansion  of the mind . And  I'm I do feel  like I can  attest  to a
somewhat  significant  difference  between  psilocybin  and  LSD  at higher  doses . What  you said  about 
the difference  does  resonate  with  me. There's  all that  LSD  has  a kind  of metallic  quality  to it
compared  to psilocybin . That  is not to say that  it's bad , but it's it is different .
[00:47:50.350]
And then , of course , there's  that  because  MDMA , ecstasy , which  is not classically  a psychedelic ,
which  in terms  of take  home  value , you know , has  offered  a tremendous  amount  to people . Where  do
you put MDMA  in this  conversation  of the MDMA ?
[00:48:07.900]
The two  reasons  we're  using  the psychedelic  one  is biochemical , which  is of the other  things  that  you
do not go beyond  your  self , your  psyche  out to experience  your  you in an incredibly  inner  safe  place 
where  all the parts  of you that  are awful  to consider  or terrible  events  or traumas . Or worse . You  can 
objectively  look  at and  move  them  from  the part  of your  brain  that  holds  them  as terrible  trauma  and 
disturbs  or destroys  your  life and  puts  them  into  conventional  memory , where  you can  remember  that 
you did terrible  things  but it doesn't  dominate  your  present .
[00:48:50.370]
So it's a totally  different  set of experiences . And  however , the way  it's given  is exactly  the way  we
developed  it in the 60s  with  the the comfortable  room  and  the music  and  the headphones  and  the
male  and  female  guide . All of which  are to make  it easier  for people  to look  at traumatic  experience , if
you give  the same  person  a very , very  high  dose  of LSD , they  will they  will pass  right  through  the
trauma  area  and  have  perhaps  again , one  of these  transcendent  experiences  which  may  or may  not
affect  the trauma .
[00:49:34.160]
We haven't  really  done  that  kind  of research . So MDMA , in a sense , is psychologically  less  threatening
because  you don't  go beyond  your  own  identity . And  that's  a real  difference .[00:49:46.610]
Actually , this  brings  up an interesting  point  about  which  there  may  be research  that  I'm unfamiliar 
with . But just  based  on my own  experience , it's often  felt to me that  not taking  enough  of a
psychedelic  is as much  of a risk factor  in determining  having  a bad  trip. We'll  talk  about  good  and  bad
trips  next . But, you know , here  we're  talking  about  dosage . Not  taking  enough , not not achieving 
escape  velocity  of some  kind  can  doom  you to an unpleasant  experience  as much  as taking  too much
if if taking  too much  is in fact  a liability .
[00:50:29.330]
And I've had  trips  where  it's felt like I took  just  enough  to have  in my ordinary  mental  reality , good  and 
scrambled , or I took  just  enough  to be given  an unusual  mental  energy  with  which  to fixate  on my
psychological  problems , but not given  enough  to fly clear  of them  for any span  of time . And  so the net
result  was  there  was  a something  considerably  more  than  a micro  dose  that  potentially  aided  my
capacity  for unhappiness . And  I believe  I believe  I've noticed  this  from  both  sides  because , you know ,
I've had  trips  where  I've gone , you know , very  far out, well  beyond  any personal  reference  point  to my
life and  my psychology .
[00:51:22.130]
And then  it's only  upon  reentry , you know , as I'm coming  down  that  you begin  to punch  into  the
atmosphere  of the familiar  and  begin  thinking  about  your  life is at that  strata  of the mind  that  there's  a
sort of a new  capacity  for chaos  and  complication  and  neurosis  and  a commercial  for guides  at this 
point . Yeah , look  at that  particular  event  that  happens  in a high  dose , which  is you have  found  that  you
are immortal  or that  you are one  with  whatever  your  religious  tradition  teaches  you is the highest , or
you've  gone  past  that  into  feeling  that  everything  is interconnected  and  it's all the same  stuff .
[00:52:11.030]
And then  you come  down  and  you find  that  there  you are, there  you are, a kind  of middle  aged 
physician  in a difficult  marriage . And  one  of your  kids  is has  some  kind  of illness  and  you have 
economic  problems  and  you love  kitesurfing , that  person . And  as a little  with  a little  bit right  into  the
heart  of their  issues  going  down , then  they  could  coming  up. And  one  of the message  that  that  we
used  when  we're  doing  this  clinical  research  was  with  a couple  of hundred  people  is we asked  them 
to bring  in important  photographs .
[00:52:48.880]
Again , notice  this  is visual . We also  asked  them  to have  a list of questions  and  I'll mention  that . But
we asked  them  to bring  in important  photographs . And  this  usually  would  be of important  human 
beings  in their  lives . And  we would  say, would  you like to look  at your  photographs ? And  they  would 
look  at us like, what's  a photograph  and  who  were  you? But then  you hand  them  a photograph  and  say
it's their . It's their  spouse .
[00:53:15.570]
Now , again , these  are trained  guides  and  what  do they  do? They  do nothing . The  person  looks  at this 
photograph  and  they  may  look  at it for a minute  and  put it aside , they  may  look  at it for forty  five
minutes . And  then  they  say, OK, I'd like another  photograph  and  you don't  know  what's  going  on. But
when  they  write  a report  a few  weeks  later , you find  out they  spent  a huge  amount  of time .
Therapeutically  reworking  a lot of their  issues  around  that  particular  person .
[00:53:48.030]
So it's a method  of depth , psychological  work  without  form , without  vocabulary  and  without  theory .
That  was  we also  gave  them  a rosebud , as opposed  to starting  to open  and  almost  every  religious 
tradition  that  had  access  to roses  makes  them  an important  either  symbol  or active  force . And  we
found  again  that  people  would  have  an experience  of working  with  a living , expanding , beautiful  piece 
of nature . That  they  felt was  important  and  again , people  would  take  a long  time  just  looking  into  that 
rose , indicating  how  it opened  and  they  went  inside  it and  how  they  became  a rose  and  how  that  that 
made  sense  to them  in their  usual  life.[00:54:41.500]
So as as one  comes  down , but one  that  is coming  down , aware  that  one  is more  than  one's  identity .
And when  you have  those  high  experiences , Sam , the ones , as you said , coming  back  into  being  you,
it's always  a little  puzzling , like. I'm part  of everything  there  is why  did I come  back  into  a Sam  Harris 
of all people ? That's  where  you then  get an opportunity  to say probably  I came  back  into  the Sam 
Harris  to clean  him  up a little  bit so that  he would  get more  benefit  out of being  in this  lifetime .
[00:55:17.290]
So let's  talk  about  micro  dosing , which  superficially  seems  like a similar  project , because , again , we're 
talking  about  taking  LSD  or psilocybin  generally . But the dosage . Being  dialed  down  as much  as you're
about  to describe , really  does  change  things , what  constitutes  a microdots  and  what  are people 
microdots ?
[00:55:47.450]
Yeah , well , I have  to make  this  super  clear , Agim . Micro  doses  have  no psychedelic  effect , so they  are
not a little  bitty  high . Hmm . Maybe  they're  the difference  between  an you're  still you know , there's  still
radio  frequencies , but the microdots  is one  tenth  to one  twentieth  of what  is called  a recreational 
dose  with  LSD . For the original  work  I did some  years  ago , we it was  10 micrograms , that  seemed  to
be an appropriate  amount .
[00:56:18.990]
For people  to have  the experiences  that  I'll talk  about  a little  bit more . Without  having  to stop  or
disturb  their  life, they  had  their  normal  day, normal  activities , normal  work , normal  driving , normal  time
with  their  family , etc. . The  dose  for mushrooms . Was  about  was  then  about  point  two  grams , 2.5
grams . Now , when  I say the doses , again , what  we found  after  you, you get a few  hundred  reports  is
people  say, gee , 10 micrograms  was  too much .
[00:57:01.620]
I'm taking  seven . Point  two  was  too much , I'm taking  one  tenth  of a gram . What  we found  is that 
people  she would  correct  the dose , so to speak , for their  own  understanding  and  experience . And  we
also  found  in terms  of taking  it how  often , which  is a huge  difference  between  psychedelics  and  micro
dosing . Micro  dosing  is done  repeatedly . People  found  that  after  taking  it one  day on and  two  days  off
over  a four  month , that's  about  10 times  over  a month .
[00:57:35.780]
Most  people  ended  up taking  it less  often . So it looked  like it was  it was  not addictive , just  as all other 
psychedelics , but whatever  value  it had , people  seemed  to gain  basic  benefits  within  the first  month 
and then  allow  it to continue  at its own  pace . Now , what  are basic  benefits ? OK. It's very  hard . To
make  this  easy  to understand , but. Ayelet  Waldman  did a book  called  A Really  Good  Day , and  it's
about  her month  of microdots  and  the best  definition  of micro  dosing  that  I've come  across  again 
from  one  of our people .
[00:58:18.630]
I did better  work  than  I usually  do, I made  a few  more  cold  calls  that  were  successful . I had  a few 
ideas  in the meeting  that  I usually  have  no ideas . When  I went  to the gym , I did one  more  set of reps .
And I enjoyed  being  with  my family  more  than  usual , and  I forgot  that  I'd taken  a microdots . One  never
says  at the end  of a hydro  session , I forgot  I took  a psychedelic  rock . Well , actually , that's  not quite 
true.
[00:58:49.700]
If if it's a sufficiently  high  dose , you can  completely  forget  you've  taken  a psychedelic , but then  you
eventually  you remember  as reality  controls  and  you've  taken  a sufficiently  high  dose .
[00:59:00.110]
You forget  that  you're  a human  being  on this  planet . Yeah , because  when  you come  down , you're  very 
surprised  to find  out that  that's  true .[00:59:08.540]
And hopefully  you're  not attempting  any reps  at the gym . No. Let alone  driving  to it. Oh, so microdots 
seems  to improve  the overall  function  of the organism  and  I'm being  kind  of vague  in the scientific .
Because  there  are so many  people  who  reported  different  benefits  or different  improvements  in using
micro  dosing , that  it's very  hard  to categorize . And  we can  look  at some  of the details  of that . As
much  as you wish . Yeah , I guess  so.
[00:59:45.210]
Let me just  give  you some  anecdotal  experience  here  and  then  get your  reaction . So I only  have 
experience  microdots  and  LSD . And  so I guess  first  question  is, is there  any reason  to differentiate  the
effects  of taking  psilocybin  versus  LSD  or they  essentially  indistinguishable ? I mean , given  the given 
that a microdots  is as close  to subliminal  as you can  get, I can't  imagine  there's  much  to say about 
the difference  there .
[01:00:16.860]
But when  I was  giving  the differences  in kindness  and  coldness , I was  actually  quoting  someone  who 
said  in our microdots  community  in Los  Angeles , we've  come  to that  conclusion  that  psilocybin  is a
little  nicer . Interesting . The  important  question  is how  long  is it effective ? And  this  is where  it gets 
interesting . We know  that  LSD  has  major  effects , 10 to 12 hours . And  we all say as if that  as if it
stops . At that  point , we forget  that  with  high  doses .
[01:00:49.740]
There's  also  what's  called  an afterglow  of four  to six weeks  where  you feel  better  about  everything  in
many  ways  and  you're  more  creative  and  so forth  with  micro  dosing  very  early  on. What  I discovered 
was what  I called  a two  day effect , which  is if it's psilocybin  or LSD , there's  at least  a two  day effect .
And a great  many  people  say, I actually  prefer  the second  day. It's better . So we're  dealing  with 
something  which  isn't  distinguished  in the easy  sense  of time , it may  be distinguished  in terms  of its
emotional  warmth , but because  you're  taking  it as part  of your  normal  life, you'll .
[01:01:35.500]
You know , if you feel  better  and  you're  more  effective , it's hard  to say is that  Analytica  or is that 
emotional ? It's simply  that , my goodness , I hadn't  noticed . Way  to work , that  little  niche  at the bank 
that always  I'm walking  to work . I look  forward  to the flowers , particularly  on days  when  I might 
produce .
[01:01:58.680]
Yeah , as far as the emotional  valence , as far as how  micro  dosing  might  be recommended  or
contraindicated  for any person , I can  well  imagine  that  micro  dosing  would  have  would  have 
antidepressant  effects . It seems  to increase  arousal  generally . It may  as you say, it kind  of brightens 
your  attention  and  it would  surprise  me if it wasn't  functioning  as a kind  of cognitive  enhancer , an
antidepressant . But I could  also  see that  it might  be contraindicated  for somebody  with  any kind  of
anxiety  disorder .
[01:02:36.440]
And it seems  to me that  there  is a kind  of anxiety  like Vaillant's  to mere  arousal . Well , I would  say,
Sam , as an aunt  of one , you have  hit on both  of the most  important  aspects , positive  and  negative ,
that people  are aware  of.
[01:02:54.390]
And let me let me break  that  down . Let's  look  at depression . I'd say out of the first  thousand  words ,
we've  got maybe  700  people . I have  some . If you'd  like to continue  listening  to this  conversation , you'll
need  to subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Network . Once  you do, you'll  get access  to all full length  episodes  of
the Making  Sense  podcast , along  with  other  subscriber  only  content , including  bonus  episodes  and 
Amma's . In the conversations  I've been  having  on the Waking  Up app , the Making  says  podcast  is ad
free and  relies  entirely  on listener  support .
[01:03:30.400]And you can  subscribe  now  at Sam  Harris dot org .[00:00:21.520]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast . This  is Sam  Harris . OK. I've had  a few  encounters  recently  on
other  people's  podcasts  and  on social  media  that  have  made  me think  that  many  people  are confused
about  some  of the views  I express  on this  podcast . Those  of you who  are using  the waking  up app 
probably  have  a better  understanding  of what  I'm up to, but I get the sense  that  many  making  sense 
listeners  really  don't  know  where  I'm coming  from  much  of the time .
[00:00:57.770]
So clearing  up this  confusion  requires  that  I say a few  things  about  the role  that  meditation  has 
played  and  continues  to play  in my life. First , let me say that  unless  you're  deep  into  it, the term 
meditation  almost  certainly  conjures  the wrong  ideas  in your  mind , and  meditation  has  no necessary 
connection  to Eastern  religion , say. Much  less  to beads  or incense  or any of the trappings  of New  Age
spirituality , unless  you're  unusually  well-informed  about  it, when  I use the term  meditation , as I do
from  time  to time  on this  podcast .
[00:01:36.680]
I would  bet that  ninety  nine  percent  of you get the wrong  idea . Meditation  is just  a bad  word  for the
recognition  of specific  truths  about  the mind  is a process  of discovering  what  is already  true  of your 
own  mind . Of course , the discoveries  one  makes  here  are directly  relevant  to living  a more  satisfying 
life, which  is the important  part . And  that's  why  I spent  so much  time  recommending  that  people  look 
into this . But the benefits  aside , more  and  more , I'm realizing  that  many  of you can't  understand  the
positions  I take  on this  podcast  without  understanding  your  mind .
[00:02:12.720]
And these  are positions  which  on their  surface  have  nothing  to do with  meditation , my experience 
here  is often  the key to understanding  my criticism  of specific  scientific  and  philosophical  ideas , like
the debate  about  free  will or the nature  of the self  or the hard  problem  of consciousness . I mean , yes,
a person  can  follow  the purely  philosophical  or scientific  arguments  and  arrive  at some  of the same 
conclusions . For instance , someone  can  understand  how  free  will and  the conventional  notion  of self 
don't  make  any sense  in terms  of ongoing  neurophysiological  changes  in the brain .
[00:02:46.230]
But even  most  people  who  understand  and  accept  those  arguments  don't  really  have  the courage  of
their  convictions  because  they  still feel  like selves  that  enjoy  free  will. Most  people  don't  have  the
introspective  tools  to discover  that  their  experience  is actually  convergent  with  what  makes  the most 
sense  scientifically  and  philosophically . So they're  stuck  trying  to grapple  with  a pseudo  problem .
How  can  we make  sense  of our experience  of an unchanging  self  that  has  free  will when  we know 
conceptually  that  these  things  don't  make  any sense ?
[00:03:19.680]
That's  where  many  people  are stuck  quite  unnecessarily . Meditation  is also  the key to understanding 
my criticism  of specific  religious  ideas . How  can  I say with  confidence  that  most  religious  doctrines 
are not merely  scientifically  implausible , many  people  can  say that , but that  they  are also  a perversion 
of a very  real  opportunity  to experience  self  transcendence . I can  say this  because  there's  nothing 
hypothetical  to me about  the kinds  of experiences  that  people  like Jesus  were  rattling  on about  to
anyone  who  would  listen .
[00:03:55.220]
And when  you've  had  these  experiences  and  can  have  them  on demand  is not just  a matter  of having 
taken  LSD  a few  times  and  dimly  remembering  how  different  things  were  when  it's absolutely  obvious
to you that  the conventional  sense  of self  is an illusion , then  it's also  obvious  that  our spiritual  hopes 
need  not be pegged  to the idea  that  some  historical  person  might  have  been  the son  of God  who  died 
for our sins . My experience  in meditation  largely  defines  my politics  to me.
[00:04:26.350]
For instance , how  can  I be so sure  that  the explosion  of identity  politics  that  we see all around  us isn't 
a sign  of progress ? How  can  I know  that  it's an ethical  and  psychological  dead  end  to be deeply identified  with  one's  race , for instance ? And  then  all the people  who  are saying  that  there's  no way  to
get past  race  in our politics  are just  confused . Well , because  I know  that  a person  need  not even 
identify  with  the face  he sees  in the mirror  each  day.
[00:04:54.940]
In fact , the deeper  you examine  your  experience , the more  you discover  that  freedom  ultimately 
depends  on not identifying  with  anything , even  with  how  you look  in the mirror . How  much  more  so is
it unnecessary  to identify  with  millions  of strangers  who  just  happen  to look  like you in that  they  have 
the same  skin  color ? In light  of what's  possible  psychologically  and  interpersonally . In light  of what  is
actually  required  to get over  yourself  and  to experience  genuine  compassion  for other  human  beings ,
it is a form  of mental  illness  to go through  life identified , really  identified  with  one's  race .
[00:05:34.710]
Is just  a bad  dream . Of course , to say that  as a white  guy in the current  environment  is to stand 
convicted  of racial  insensitivity  and  even  seeming  indifference  to the problem  of racism  in our
society . I mean , what  greater  symptom  of white  privilege  could  there  be than  to declare  that  we
should  just  all get past  race ? That's  a retort  that  I believe  I can  hear  percolating  in the minds  of many 
listeners  and  most  well-intentioned  people  have  been  successfully  bullied  by that  kind  of response .
[00:06:07.120]
How  much  easier  would  it be to back  down  here  and  just  say, sorry , I don't  know  what  I'm talking 
about . I'm just  a white  guy. There  are massive  incentives  to take  that  path , but to insist  upon  the
primacy  of race  is to be obscenely  confused  about  human  potential  and  about  society's  potential .
And I'm not going  to pretend  to be unaware  of that . So when  I'm talking  about  racial  politics  on this 
podcast , I am also  talking  about  meditation , even  though  the topic  would  never  come  up in that 
context .
[00:06:43.230]
And when  some  of my critics  say that  I'm just  practicing  my own  version  of identity  politics , I'm in a
position  to say bullshit . And  to be clear , I'm not claiming  to be fully  enlightened . I'm definitely  still a
work  in progress . But there  are certain  things  that  I actually  understand  about  my own  mind  and 
about  the mind  in general . And  the idea  that  racial  identity  is something  that  we can't  get past  is total 
bullshit . Insights  into  the nature  of mind  can't  help  but touch  politics .
[00:07:17.110]
Versus  my attitude  toward  wealth  inequality  is born  of the recognition  that  no one  is truly  self-made ,
all these  rich  guys  walking  around  with  their  copies  of Ayn  Rand  thinking  they're  self-made , it's pure 
fiction . And  given  how  we do become  ourselves , given  the overwhelming  influence  of luck  in our
world , we have  to recognize  that  we need  an effective  system  of wealth  creation  that  doesn't  allow 
people  to truly  fall through  the cracks . And  as we get wealthier , the floor  beneath  which  no one  should
be allowed  to fall should  keep  rising .
[00:07:51.410]
Compassion  has  to be built  into  capitalism  because  it doesn't  seem  to occur  naturally . Otherwise ,
totally  normal  people  begin  to resemble  psychopaths  in how  they  conduct  themselves  in business . So
this just  to say that  what  I think  I've learned  through  the practice  of meditation  influences  many  of the
views  I express  on this  podcast , but I can't  get into  the details  here  because  there  are so many  other 
things  to discuss . So that's  what  I'm doing  over  at waking  up what  I'm building  and  waking  up is the
laboratory  where  you can  run the same  experiment  for yourself  and  there's  really  no substitute  for
doing  that .
[00:08:28.220]
I mean , you can  pretend  to want  to integrate  your  intellectual  and  ethical  and  political  life or you can 
really  want  to do it and  to discover  all the ways  in which  you have  failed  to do it so far. Again , I'm not
claiming  to have  everything  figured  out. I'm very  much  in the process  of still figuring  things  out. Each 
of us has  to negotiate  the terms  of our disenchantment  with  who  we were  yesterday  and  with  the
ways  in which  culture  distracts  and  misleads  us, and  that's  what  I'm doing  over  a waking  up.[00:08:58.420]
So if you haven't  checked  it out recently , I just  want  to invite  you to do that , especially  if you think  you
know  what  meditation  is and  you think  it's not relevant  for you. I can  virtually  guarantee  that  you're 
mistaken  about  that . And  if you can't  afford  a subscription , you need  only  send  an email  to support 
and waking  up dotcom  and  ask for a free  one , so please  do not let money  be the reason  why  you don't
check  it out.
[00:09:23.600]
As always , thanks  for listening .[00:00:21.220]
Welcome  to the Making  Sense  podcast , this  is Sam  Harris . OK, well , today  I'm talking  about  some 
fundamental  questions  of human  existence . But they  are rarely  thought  of as such , there's  not the
mystery  of being  or the nature  of consciousness  or what  happens  after  death . No, this  is a
conversation  about  a far more  basic  question  than  those , and  it's the question  of what  we eat and 
how  that  affects  the prospects  of our survival  here . It does  it in two  ways .
[00:00:58.620]
How  we produce  food , in particular , how  we produce  protein  affects  climate  change  and  pandemic 
risk very  directly . And  on both  counts , the status  quo  really  is unacceptable . So today  I get into  that 
topic  with  Bruce  Friedrich  and  Liz Specked , both  of whom  work  at the Good  Food  Institute . GFI is an
international  nonprofit  that  is reimagining  the process  of protein  production . Bruce  oversees  GFI
Global  Strategy . He is also  a TED  fellow  and  a Y Combinator  alum . He has  published  in The  Wall 
Street  Journal , USA  Today , The  Los  Angeles  Times , Wired  and  in many  other  places .
[00:01:45.670]
He has  a TED  talk  that  some  of you may  have  seen . And  he's  a graduate  of Georgetown  Law , Johns 
Hopkins  and  the London  School  of Economics . Liz is a scientist  who  works  to identify  and  forecast 
areas  of technological  need  within  this  field . She  has  a degree  in chemical  and  biomolecular 
engineering  from  Johns  Hopkins  and  a doctorate  in biological  sciences  from  the University  of
California , San  Diego . As we were  discussing  such  a pressing  need  here  at what  one  hopes  is the tail
end of the covid  pandemic .
[00:02:19.020]
We're  releasing  this  episode  as a PSA  outside  the paywall , and  we're  also  giving  a significant  donation
to GFI through  the Waking  Up Foundation . As always , if you want  to support  the podcast  and  get
access  to full episodes  in general , you can  subscribe  at Sam  Harris  Dog . And  now , without  further 
delay , I bring  you Bruce  Friedrich  and  Respect . I am here  with  Bruce  Friedrich  and  respect  Bruce  and 
Liz, thanks  for joining  me. Thanks  for having  us.
[00:02:53.660]
We're  delighted  to be here . So we have  a lot to talk  about . These  are these  can  seem  like unrelated 
issues , but they  they  intersect  and  in ways  that  will be immediately  obvious  to people , I think  will
probably  focus  on how  global  health  concerns , especially  with  respect  to things  like pandemics  and 
antibiotic  resistance , coincide  with  a concern  about  climate  change  and  how  innovations  in food 
production  really  seem  like a silver  bullet  of sorts  to help  deal  with  both  of these  problems .
[00:03:29.780]
That's  not to say that  it subsumes  all of our efforts , but it will subsume  some  very  important  ones .
And then  I guess  this  all of this  just  relates  to how  we can  intelligently  solve  problems  in the world .
And these  are problems  that  we have  thus  far not been  able  to to marshal  sufficient  resources  to
solve  for reasons  that  are at this  point , somewhat  inscrutable . But before  we dive  into  that  nexus  of
concerns , maybe  you guys  can  just  summarize  how  you come  to focus  on these  problems .
[00:04:01.940]
I'll start  with  you, Bruce . How  did you come  to focus  in these  areas ? Well , I've been  concerned  about 
resource  economics  for a bunch  of decades  and  have  been  concerned  about  the external  costs  of
industrial  meat  production  for quite  a while  as well . And  about  five years  ago , I started  thinking  about 
whether  we could  use food  technology  to address  the harms  of industrial  animal  agriculture . And  I
think  the answer  to that  question  is absolutely  yes. So these  are some  of the questions  that  will be
diving  into .
[00:04:35.090]
But I started  working  on the Good  Food  Institute  just  a little  over  five years  ago  to answer  what  are
really  the two  big questions  in global  food . And  the first  one  is, how  are we going  to feed  close  to 10
billion  people  by 2050 ? And  the second  part  of that  is without  lighting  the world  on fire and  GFI and 
food  technology  and  markets  are kind  of what  we came  up with  as the solution  to both  those questions  and  expanded  it into  global  health .
[00:05:05.420]
The other  topics  that  we'll  be talking  a little  bit more  about  subsequently  and  how  big is the Good 
Food  Institute  at this  point ?
[00:05:12.680]
How  many  employees  do you have  and  what  your  annual  budget ?
[00:05:16.220]
Our budget  for 2020  one  is 18 million  dollars . We have  eight  million  dollars  spent  in the United  States 
on programs . We have  about  65 full time  scientists  and  lawyers  and  lobbyists  and  others  on the team 
in the United  States . And  then  we have  about  45 across  our international  affiliates , which  are in India ,
Israel , Brazil , Asia  Pacific , out of Singapore  and  Europe . We have  teams  in both  London  and  in
Brussels  and  about  eight  million  dollars  for US operations , about  five million  dollars  for international 
operations .
[00:05:51.920]
And then  we have  a scientific  granting  program . We'll  be spending  about  five million  dollars  this  year 
on open  access , science , plant  based  cultivation  and  fermentation  focused  on basically  replicating 
the entire  experience  of meat  eating  that  using  plants  or fermentation  or cultivation . And  Liz, where 
do you come  in here ?
[00:06:15.040]
I came  to the Good  Food  Institute  straight  out of academia , but I've long  had  a sort  of altruistic  and 
and for many  years  a ultimately  global  health  or public  health  kind  of bent  to my work , really  kind  of
trying  to leverage  technology  as a means  of having  easily  adaptable  solutions  to what  are otherwise 
really  sort  of wicked  societal  problems .
[00:06:38.650]
So I started  in chemical  engineering  in my undergraduate  work . I had  the opportunity  to go abroad  for
several  summers  to work  in places  like slum  environments  in India  on global  health  issues , and  just 
really  saw  sort  of that  nexus  of societal  intersection  with  with  technological  solutions  and  gravitated 
towards  biotechnology  as a means  of trying  to find  solutions  that  are easy  for people  to adopt  and 
easy  to really  scale  and  deploy  globally . So I went  to graduate  school  and  molecular  biology  was 
working  in an algae  lab that  did a little  bit of biofuels  work .
[00:07:19.720]
This  was  sort  of during  the, you know , the rise  and  subsequent  fall of the algae  biofuels  era.
[00:07:26.200]
But what  really  drew  me to that  lab was  that  they  were  also  using  algae  as an expression  platform  for
producing  oral  edible  vaccines  for malaria .
[00:07:36.280]
That , again , could  be extremely  low cost , extremely  easy  to deploy .
[00:07:40.490]
You don't  need  quite  cold  chain  or sophisticated  health  care  infrastructure  and  so forth . I then  went  to
do a postdoc  in a biochemistry  lab where  my focus  of my project  was , you know , trying  to develop  a
sensor  system  that  could  be used  as sort  of a remote  diagnostic  for low resource  settings . So, again ,
this sort  of bent  towards , you know , how  can  we use relatively  low hanging  fruit  in the biotech  space 
to solve  the issues  that  would  have  massive  global  impact  has  always  been  sort  of the driver  behind 
my interest  in science  and  biotechnology .
[00:08:18.280]
And a couple  of years  into  my postdoc , I sort  of went  down  a bit of a rabbit  hole  of learning  about  allof these  multifaceted  implications  of animal  agriculture , specifically  industrialized  animal  agriculture 
on our global  health  system , on the environment , just  the sheer  resource  utilization , inefficiency  of it.
And, you know , for a long  time  I feel  silly  saying  this  in retrospect , but for a long  time  it really  wasn't 
obvious  to me that  there  was  a biotech  solution  or a technology  driven  solution  to these  these 
multifaceted  issues  of animal  agriculture .
[00:08:59.200]
I considered  this  to be in the realm  of, you know , public  policy  or consumer  education  or something 
like that . And  it wasn't  clear  to me how  I could  use my background  to really  solve  this  issue  that  had 
almost  overnight  become  my real  passion  project . The  thing  that  I felt, you know , I have  to spend  my
career  working  on this . And  it was  sort  of a beautiful , you know , coincidence , honestly , that  GFI was 
founded  just  a few  months  before  I started  kind  of trolling  around  for career  opportunities .
[00:09:31.570]
And, you know , they  had  just  posted  a roll for their  first  couple  of of senior  scientist  positions . And 
immediately  upon  seeing  that  and  sort  of reading  about  this  theory  of change , you know , it was  that 
light  bulb  moment  for me. Yes , this  is eminently  solvable . And , yes, we can  use a technical  technology
approach  to do it.
[00:09:51.360]
Well , I think  I discovered  the two  of you independently , so if memory  serves , Bruce , you reached  out to
me and  I found  you through  the the Effective  Altruism  Network , your  foundation , the Good  Food 
Institute , is in high  esteem  among  effective  altruists . Founders  Pledge  recommends  it as a charity .
And Founders  Pledge  is also  advising  my foundation , the Waking  Up Foundation , at this  point . But, Liz,
I noticed  you on Twitter  as a an especially  sane  voice  on covid  just  when  the pandemic  was  kicking 
off.
[00:10:25.920]
I think  you put together  a threat  or two  which  which  many  people  found  very  valuable . And  so, yeah ,
when  Bruce  when  you reached  out when  I saw  the association  between  the two  of you, it seemed  like
there  was  a lot to talk  about . You  know , I don't  know  if this  is too pessimistic  for you, but, you know ,
I've drawn  a lesson  from  covid  that  is. Really  pretty  gloomy  with  respect  to the prospects  of our
marshalling  a political  response  to climate  change , the idea  that  we are ever  going  to convince 
ourselves  that  this  is a an emergency  that  we need  to respond  to, given  that  we couldn't  convince 
ourselves  to respond  to covid  even  when  Italians  were  shrieking  from  their  excuse  that  this  wave  of
contagion  was  coming , even  when  it was  hitting  New  York  and  the rest  of the country  couldn't  seem 
to care  or take  it seriously .
[00:11:25.140]
I just  don't  know  how  we break  the spell  of misinformation  and  hyper  partisanship  in response  to a
threat  that  really  strikes  me as at least  an order  of magnitude  more  difficult  to get your  mind  around .
You know , pandemics  can  be hypothetical  until  they  arrive , but climate  change  seems  to just  persist 
in this  in this  zone  of hypothesis , even  if most  of the science  is fairly  settled  and  I just  don't  see
people  responding  to it. So it seems  that  we need  to find  a way  around  this  which  solves  the
problems  without  actually  having  to convince  people  that  these  problems  are anything  like an
existential  threat  that  must  be responded  to like an emergency .
[00:12:14.580]
I mean , which  is to say that  I think  we just  have  to build  the cars  and  produce  the technology  and 
produce  the food  that  people  want  and  take  whatever  friction  we can  find  out of that  system  of
gratifying  people's  desires  as opposed  to convincing  them  that  the house  is on fire. I don't  know  if you
think  I'm being  too pessimistic  about  the political  avenues  here , but that's  a lesson  I feel  like I've
learned  from  the last  year  under  covid . I don't  know , I mean , listening  to you, Sam , it feels  to me like
your  indictment , and  I think  it's absolutely  right .
[00:12:52.780]
And it's the observation  that  led to the founding  of GFI is that  convincing  individuals  to change  isgoing  to be very , very  difficult . So what  we know  about  meat  is just  one  example  and  we can  dive  a
little  bit more  into  this . But we know  that  it is an extraordinarily  inefficient  way  of producing  food . We
know  that  it is the most  likely  cause  of the next  pandemic . We know  that  more  than  70 percent  of
antibiotics  are being  fed to farm  animals , which  is driving  antibiotic  resistance , which  could  lead  to
the end  of modern  medicine .
[00:13:28.150]
And we know  that  it packs  a mega  CLIMA  wallop  relative  to alternatives  and  these  things . People  may
not know  the intricacies , but people  are basically  aware  of these  issues . And  yet per capita  meat 
consumption  goes  up and  up and  up. Even  in the United  States , 20 19 was  the highest  per capita 
meat  consumption  in recorded  history . And  globally , the U.N.  says  we're  going  to have  to produce  70
to 100  percent  more  meat  by 2050 . So that's  a pretty  thorough  indictment  of behavior  change .
[00:14:00.880]
But I think  if you look  at your  question  with  regard  to climate  and  you look  at U.S.  funding  for climate 
solutions  politically , EU funding  for climate  solutions  politically , what  China  is doing  in terms  of
addressing  climate  issues , it certainly  may  not be enough , but it is billions  and  billions  and  billions  of
dollars  spent  on renewable  energy  and  climate  mitigation  and  other  strategies  for addressing  climate 
that don't  require  that  individuals  make  big changes . So switching  to an electric  car and  incentivizing 
that switch  or switching  to renewable  energy  as the price  comes  down  and  governments  incentivizing
that switch , that's  really  what  GFI was  designed  to focus  on.
[00:14:48.610]
We think  science  and  markets  are the way  to go, but science  and  markets  left to their  own  devices ,
just like science  and  markets  left to their  own  devices  with  renewable  energy  are going  to be a very 
slow  road . So most  fundamentally , GFI exists  to lift this  entire  space . And  a big part  of that  is helping 
entrepreneurs  be more  successful , helping  investors  be more  successful , helping  big food , recognize 
this as an opportunity  rather  than  a threat . And  really , our organizational  battle  cry is that 
governments  should  be putting  resources  into  both  open  access  R&D  to create  meat  from  these  in
these  alternative  ways .
[00:15:30.430]
And it's got to be meat  that  eventually  tastes  the same  or better  and  costs  the same  or less  further .
To your  point , it has  to give  consumers  everything  that  they  like about  meat  and  it has  to cost  less .
And we're  very  optimistic  that  governments  will get on board  with  this  theory  of change . And  then  that
gets  past  the sort  of behavioral  modification  that  I think  your  your  pessimism  around  that  is, is it's
pretty  on point .
[00:15:56.590]
You guys  take  an interesting  angle  here  with  respect  to the dietary  focus , because  this  is not a
vegetarian  or vegan  argument , per say. I mean , obviously , the ethics  here  are virtuous  in that  direction .
Right ? So it is it is a matter  of reducing  animal  suffering  and  ending  the current  practices  of factory 
farming . But you aren't  emphasizing  the ethical  case . It seems  to me you're  emphasizing  more  the
pragmatic  case  that  given  the role  that  the meat  production  plays  in climate  change  and  raising 
pandemic  risk, we have  to make  these  changes .
[00:16:38.410]
And the changes  are producing  plant  based  meat  and  producing  cultured  or otherwise  known  as
clean  meat , which  is real  meat . But just  it's it's cell based  rather  than  derived  from  a, you know ,
slaughtering  animal  after  an animal  in an abattoir . It sounds  like that  is a conscious  decision . Is it a
practical  one  or is it just  that  you think  it's much  more  effective  to talk  about  the pragmatics  here ? Or
is there  is there  more  behind  this  angle  you're  taking ?
[00:17:09.170]
I mean , I think  it's primarily  observational . So Daniel  Kahneman  talks  about  Systems  one  and  systems
to thinking , as you know , and  it just  seems  super  clear  that  food  is systems , one  thinking  and  some 
people  will change  their  diets  on the basis  of ethical  considerations . And  one  of the really  interesting observations , I think , is that  a lot of people  will change  their  vocations  based  on systems  to thinking .
So education  is how  somebody  like, um, Cavaletti  or Pat Brown  or Ethan  Brown  forms  their  company .
[00:17:41.650]
But education  as a method  of sort  of radical  Diatta . Rechange  just  absolutely  has  not worked , and  if
education  worked , we wouldn't  see the, you know , the the charts , the color  charts  of obesity  where 
they  keep  having  to get all new  colors  because  people  just  keep  getting  more  and  more  overweight 
and more  and  more  obese . There  just  seems  to be something  about  human  physiology  and 
physiological  needs  where  food  is concerned  that  people , you know , everybody  cares  about  cost ,
everybody  cares  about  taste .
[00:18:16.650]
And for the vast  majority  of people , that's  kind  of where  it ends . So when  we're  thinking  about 
solutions  that  work  globally , even  in countries  where  education  levels  around  external  costs  for meat 
are very , very  high . And  a lot of people  know  nevertheless , most  people  don't  change  their  diets . But
we also  need  a solution  that  works  in rural  China  and  we need  a solution  that  works  literally 
everywhere . And  GFI has  operations  in Israel  not because  we care  what  the Israelis  eat.
[00:18:47.550]
We have  operations  in Israel  because  it is so advanced  technologically  and  as a country . It's very 
interested  in producing  all of its own  food , food  security . So Israel  and  Singapore  are the two 
countries  that  are most  advanced  and  both  plant  based  and  cultivated  meat  for that  reason . So we
operate  in those  places  because  the science  that's  discovered  in Singapore  or Israel  can  change  the
way that  meat  is made  literally  everywhere . So we're  big fans  of education , mostly  to educate 
policymakers , to educate  environmental  and  global  health  NGOs , to educate  scientists , because  this 
is a great  vocation  for people  who  want  to address  global  health , address  food  security , address 
climate  change .
[00:19:30.490]
This  is a great  vocation . But for the vast  majority  of people  sitting  down  to eat, it's really  going  to
distill  to how  does  it taste  and  can  I afford  it?
[00:19:39.390]
I'll chime  in on the consumer  front  as well .
[00:19:42.330]
You know , if you look  at what's  really  driving  the tipping  point  of interest  in alternative  proteins  where 
there  was  virtually  no new  activity  going  on, you know , just  a blip  on the radar  in terms  of new  product 
launches  or investments  or what  have  you until  about  2015 , 2016 . And  ever  since  then , you can  look 
at any of those  those  metrics , investment  product  launches , new  start  ups , et cetera . And  you'll  see a
very rapid  uptick  in in the years  in the past  five years  or so.
[00:20:15.630]
And that  shift  is really  driven  not by increasing  numbers  of vegetarians  or vegans . Those  are still
small , single  digit . What  that's  driven  by is a huge  swell  in the number  of folks  who  identify  as so-
called  flexitarian  or reduce  Italians , people  who  are looking  for different  protein  sources  for certain 
meals  of the day or of the week . If you look  at data  from  beyond  meat  or impossible  foods , they're 
both  finding  that  over  90 percent  of consumers  purchasing  their  products  are also  consuming  or
purchasing  meat  products  in the same  shopping  cart  or in the same  meal .
[00:20:55.740]
So this  you know , the reason  this  this  space  has  become  of interest  to the sort  of global  food  giants 
and to investors  and  entrepreneurial  folks  is because  we've  seen  we've  seen  a huge  broadening  in
that consumer  base  that  is now  interested  in these  products . It is no longer  relegated  to these  sort  of
niche  consumer  categories , like vegetarians  or vegans  that  historically  were  kind  of driving  activity  in
alternative  protein  products .[00:21:25.740]
And correspondingly , we've  seen  obviously  a huge  revolution  in the sort  of quality  of those  products 
with  respect  to how  well  they  recapitulate  that  consumer  experience  from  a flavor  perspective , from 
an olfactory  perspective , from  a texture  perspective  and  so forth .
[00:21:43.440]
And just  to build  on that  so that  it's sort  of an interesting  theory  of change  that  we have  it GFI,
because  right  now  the plant  based  products  do cost  more  than  animal  based  products . So we need 
flexitarian  and  people  who  are looking  to reduce  their  meat  intake  because  we need  people  who  are
willing  to pay a little  bit more .
[00:22:02.220]
But the theory  is that  because  these  products  are so much  more  efficient , so chicken  is the most 
efficient  animal  at turning  crops  into  meat . And  according  to the World  Resource  Resources  Institute ,
it takes  nine  calories  in the form  of soy or oats  or whatever  you're  going  to feed  to the chicken . It
takes  nine  calories  into  the chicken  to get one  calorie  back  out. That  is extraordinarily  inefficient . And 
that means  nine  times  as much  land , nine  times  as much  water , nine  times  as many  pesticides  and 
herbicides  as we get better  at bio mimicking  the entire  meat  experience .
[00:22:37.500]
And a lot of people  listening  are going  to be thinking , well , I've had  veggie  burgers  and  they're  not very 
good . This  is not that . This  is people  who  are literally  focused  on making  products . That  you will not
be able  to distinguish  from  animal  meat , but using  plants  and  then , as you said , Sam , with  cultivated 
meat , it is literally  the exact  same  product  just  made  through  cultivation , which  is similarly  three  times
as efficient  as chicken  in terms  of input  output .
[00:23:03.390]
So as the scales  up, as the factories  are built , as we move  in the case  of cultivated  meat  to food 
grade  ingredients , the hypothesis  is, and  we're  very  optimistic  about  this , that  plant  based  meat  and 
cultivated  meat  can  taste  the same  or better  and  cost  the same  or less . And  that's  why  this  should  be
seen  as a massive  opportunity  for big meat  companies  like JBS  and  Tyson  and  Smithfield  and  also 
for big food  companies  like a.T.M  and  Nestl . And  so far, we've  been  really  gratified  by the degree  to
which  the companies  are seeing  this  as an opportunity .
[00:23:40.650]
Yeah , there's  an interesting  psychology  here  and  there's  a few  threads  to pick  up on him . And  one  is
the flexitarian  Reduce  Attarian  approach  is interesting  because  it doesn't  tend  to get much  ethical 
standing , certainly  not among  vegetarians  or vegans . But it is worth  acknowledging  that , you know , if
you're  someone  who . Reduces  your  your  meat  intake  by half . Let's  say you're  someone  who  used  to
eat meat  twice  a week  and  now  you go to once  a week , you have  made  precisely  the same 
contribution  to this  project  that  someone  who  eats  meat  once  a week  does  when  they  go to zero  and 
become  a vegan  or vegetarian .
[00:24:27.430]
It's the same  reduction  and  yet it doesn't  have  the ethical  purity  of changing  your  status  as an eater .
And it is very  interesting  to know  that  most  of the people  who  are buying  these  alternative  protein 
products  are also  still eating  meat . They  haven't  radically  changed  their  lives , but they're  showing  that 
they  either  want  to or just  are interested  in eating  differently  and  could  easily  be incentivized  to just 
eat in a truly  benign  way  if the products  simply  arrived  in the stores . Yeah , I think  that's  exactly  right .
[00:25:06.500]
I mean , that's  that's  the theory  of change  is just  making  it easier  and  easier  for people  to make 
decisions  that  align  with  their  values . But we do, I think , have  to meet  people  halfway . Liz was  talking 
about  five years  ago  being  sort  of the real  advent  of these  products , ramping  up and  getting  more 
successful . That  is also  the point  at which  the companies  started  thinking  about  their  mission 
differently . They  started  thinking  about  the fact  that  they  really  did need  to make  products  that  didn't 
require  sacrifice , because  the easier  you make  it for people  to switch , the more  likely  they  are toswitch .
[00:25:44.770]
And eventually , once  you have  products  that  that  literally  give  consumers  everything  they  like about 
meat  that  cost  less . Our expectation  is that  you'll  see basically  just  a transformation  of how  meat  is
made . So in the same  way  that  we moved  from  phones  that  require  cords  to cell phones , where  the
same  way  we moved  from  analog  photography  to digital  photography , we just  give  consumers 
everything  they  like about  in those  cases  and  communication  or taking  pictures . But we do it in a
better  way .
[00:26:16.660]
And if it also  costs  less , that  dynamic  should  should  really  make  a significant  impact . And  eventually ,
the idea  that  meat  requires  live animals  just  becomes  a thing  of history .
[00:26:29.920]
Where  are we with  the cultured  meat  cell-based  meat  in terms  of its actual  availability  to consumers ?
If I had , as you know , Ouma  Feleti  on the podcast  a couple  of years  ago  and  full disclosure , I actually 
invested  in his company  after  that  podcast  because  I was  just  so. Taken  with  the prospect  of this 
becoming  an available  technology , I mean , it wasn't  even  so much  a bet on its likelihood  to succeed , it
was more  just  an aspirational  investment . But where  are we with  Kleenmaid  specifically ?
[00:27:07.260]
We have  now  seen  the the first  commercial  sale  of cultivated  meat  just  a few  weeks  ago  in Singapore 
by the company , just  which  has  been  in this  space  alongside  their  plant  based  work  for several  years 
now .
[00:27:21.200]
I think  we're  likely  to see over  the next  year  or two  to twenty  four  months , quite  a sort  of follow  on
effect  of first  more  more  governments  approving  this  product . It is a new  to market  product . And  in
some  cases , that  regulatory  path  is is still being  sort  of sussed  out.
[00:27:42.860]
But, you know , there  are multiple  companies  that  are sort  of at that  point  of ready  to move  into  true 
large  scale  commercial  scale  production  in the next  few  years . So there  are several  companies 
building  out pilot  scale  facilities  right  now , and  we're  starting  to see these  first  commercial  sales .
[00:28:02.090]
OK, so let's  start  with  our farming  practices  and  how  I mean , why  are we talking  about  finding  other 
ways  to produce  protein  at this  point ? Why  is this  a problem  we need  to solve ? If people  have  been 
eating  meat  for as long  as there  have  been  people  and  we've  been  growing  it in one  form  or another 
for thousands  of years , we've  lived  in proximity  to animals . All this  time  we've  been  dimly  aware  of
how  this  causes  various  pathogens  to enter  the human  population  and  have  grown  more  acutely 
aware  of that  of late .
[00:28:40.430]
But still, why  is this  not sustainable ? Why  is this  a slow  moving  emergency  that  is now  not moving 
slow  enough  for anyone's  comfort ? And  how  does  this  connect  to the question  of climate  change ?
Just  how  big? I guess  I'm looking  for some  picture  of how  big our problem  is. Sure .
[00:29:04.640]
So I mentioned  a minute  ago  that  the most  efficient  animal  at turning  crops  into  meat  is the chicken ,
and it takes  nine  calories  fed to a chicken  to get one  calorie  back  out. And  it's even  worse  for pork 
and beef . And  so you're  talking  about  many  times  as much  land . But it's not just  that  you're  growing 
all of those  crops  and  you're  shipping  them  to a feed  mill and  you're  operating  the feed  mill and  then 
you're  shipping  the feed  to the Animal  Farm  and  you're  operating  the Animal  Farm , and  then  you're 
shipping  the animals  to the slaughterhouse  and  you're  operating  the slaughterhouse .[00:29:37.730]
And the United  Nations  crunched  the numbers  on all of this  inefficiency . And  they  said  that  animal 
agriculture  is responsible  for about  fourteen  point  five percent  of all human  caused  climate  change 
globally . If you think  about  it in a meal  by meal  basis , you're  looking  at chicken  is the least  climate 
change  inducing  meat . And  yet chicken  causes  40 times  as much  climate  change  per calorie  of
protein  when  compared  to legumes  like soy and  like peas . So we are going  to have  to produce  70 to
100 percent  more  meat  by 2050 .
[00:30:18.500]
And it is just  a huge  problem  for the climate . So Bill Gates  in his new  book  talks  about  plant  based 
meat  and  cultivated  meat . And  in both  his book  and  on his tour , he was  talking  about  how  food  and 
AG is a critical  pillar  of addressing  and  mitigating  climate  change . But he was  sort  of scratching  his
head  wondering  what  next  steps  could  be. And  he is now  super  enthusiastic  about  plant  based  and 
cultivated  meat . As part  of the solution  at GFI, we spent  about  a year  working  with  Breakthrough 
Energy , which  is his umbrella  organization , on how  we can  best  accelerate  this  transition  toward  plant
based  meat  and  cultivated  meat .
[00:30:58.040]
And we're  delighted  that  Breakthrough  Energy  adopted  GFI recommendations  that  governments 
should  be incentivizing  these  alternative  proteins , open  access  to R&D  that  the entire  industry  can 
build  on. And  then  government  should  also  be incentivizing  private  companies  to transition  their 
factories , to build  factories  and  to shift  in this  direction .
[00:31:20.300]
I'll also  mention  that  we don't  want  to be too reductive  when  speaking  about  environmental  impacts .
Obviously , climate  implications  are huge  and  front  and  centre . But there  are also  a number  of other 
implications  for biodiversity  and  local  ecosystems  that  are incredibly  damaging , resulting  from 
industrialised  animal  agriculture . One  of the biggest  externalities  of this  industrialised  intensified 
system  is the enormous .
[00:31:48.980]
Quantities  of animal  waste  being  produced  that  we've  seen  instances  where  in hurricanes , for
example , on the East  Coast , these  lagoons  of animal  waste  are overflowing  their  their  fences  and 
flowing  into  local  waterways . There  are huge  zones  of eutrophication  or so-called  ocean  dead  zones 
at the outlet  of virtually  every  river  that  has  run off from  agricultural  basins .
[00:32:15.500]
That's  contributed  to in part  by fertilizer  on fields , but to a very  large  degree  from  runoff  from  animal 
waste , from  these  large  scale  animal  facilities . The  other  thing  we should  probably  address , and  I
don't  know  if you want  to address , I mean , you actually  did sort  of not at it, Sam , but the global  health 
implications  are pretty  colossal  in terms  of how  we produce  meat . Right  now . We are ushering  in an
age of antibiotic  resistance , where , according  to the former  president  of the World  Health 
Organization , Dr.
[00:32:47.530]
Margaret  Chan , she says  it's the end  of modern  medicine  if antibiotics  stop  working . And  about  70
percent  of all of the antibiotics  that  are produced  globally  are fed to farm  animals . If one  of your 
listeners  get sick  or if one  of us gets  sick , we'll  go on a course  of antibiotics  that  will be quite  short .
But farm  animals  are fed antibiotics  for their  entire  lives , and  it's leading  to antibiotic  resistance . The 
UK government  released  a report . They  said  the threat  to the human  race  from  antibiotic  resistance  is
greater  than  the threat  from  climate  change .
[00:33:23.110]
So if listeners  want  to scare  Google , the end  of working  antibiotics , if you want  an even  bigger  scare 
ad the word  China  to that  Google  search . There  was  a truly  chilling  cover  story  in the New  York  Times 
magazine  maybe  18 months  ago  called  Pig Zero  that  addresses  this  issue . So the way  that  we are
raising  animals  right  now  requires  all of these  subtherapeutic  drugs . If you shift  to plant  based  meat production  or cultivated  meat  production , no antibiotics  required . So it's another  really  big benefit  of
shifting  in this  direction  and  another  reason  that  that  governments  should  really  be incentivizing  these
technologies .
[00:34:05.040]
Yeah , I am.
[00:34:06.400]
I must  say, I'm a fan of slightly  changing  the subject  when  talking  about  the problem  of climate 
change  to get around  the the abstraction  of it and  to connect  with  things  that  people  can  be more 
easily  led to care  about  or acknowledge  they  already  care  about . So, for instance , often  when  we're 
talking  about  climate  change , I feel  like we could  do more  work  when  focusing  on just  the benefits 
and the pleasure , the sheer  pleasure  of breathing  clean  air. I mean , just  when  you think  of just  how 
much  nicer  it is to live in a city where  the air is actually  clean  and  imagine  what  it would  be like to live
in a city like Los  Angeles  when  there  was  basically  no air pollution .
[00:34:58.480]
Right . If we're  all driving  electric  cars  and  the Port  of Los  Angeles  were  not being  inundated  with 
diesel  fumes , it would  just  be a different  life in the city. And  we experienced  it. One  of them , one  of the
epiphanies  we had  when  covid  was  first  changing  life everywhere  in the first  lockdown , and  we
noticed  the reduction  in air pollution . It was  a vision  of a possible  future  where  we could  breathe  clean
air. And  then  you connect  that  to all of the.
[00:35:30.290]
The health  effects  of bad  air and  the tens  of thousands  of people  who  are killed  outright  by it in any
major  city over  the course  of a year , when  you when  you look  at emphysema  and  asthma  and  lung 
cancer  and  all the all the other  pulmonary  and  cardiovascular  knock  on effects  of people  essentially 
smoking  cigarettes  when  they  didn't  consent  to smoke  them , it's just  very  easy  to see that  kind  of
ancillary  benefit  being  so enormous  that  we will seem  retrospectively  insane  not to have  made  these 
changes  earlier .
[00:36:02.600]
And it will seem  as crazy  as we seem  now . When  you look  back  at what  it was  like to fly on airplanes 
that had  smoking  sections , how  did we ever  get ourselves  into  that  situation  to consent  to be put on a
sealed  tube  with  a few  hundred  other  people  and  let them  smoke  for the next  10 hours  on a flight  to
Europe ? It's just  sheer  masochism . And  yet it was  our common  practice . And  I got to think  the spell  is
going  to break  here  as decisively  as that .
[00:36:32.120]
And we will we will not recognize  ourselves  in retrospect .
[00:36:35.900]
I think  it's probably  a pretty  relatable  experience  for anyone  who's  driven  cross-country  or across 
states  that  have , you know , animal  farming  operations  to know  that  you're  coming  up on an industrial 
animal  farm  and  literally  have  to hold  your  nose  for several  miles .
[00:36:53.390]
And I think , you know , some  of those  sort  of societal  implications  and  worker  implications  have  been 
laid bare  in this  pandemic  as well  as as folks  have  sort  of taken  a peek  behind  the curtain  of how 
conventional  meat  meat  is produced  and  the conditions  on processing  lines  and  so forth . There  really
are health  implications  for the communities  that  surround  these  farms  and  for the workers  who  are
working  in these  these  processing  plants .
[00:37:22.580]
And it's probably  worth  just  taking  a moment  and  stepping  back  and  thinking  about  the fact  that 
everything  we're  talking  about  right  now  is domestic . We could  also  be talking  about  insane  weather 
events  that  are created  by climate  change . But if we look  outside  of the United  States  and  atdeveloping  economies  in particular , I mean , that's  where  it becomes  a huge  problem , that  it takes  nine
calories  fed to a chicken  to get one  calorie  back  out. We're  literally  burning  down  the Amazon 
rainforest  in order  to grow  soy, to ship  that  soy to Europe , to feed  to agricultural  animals .
[00:37:57.560]
That  is the sort  of thing  that  is sort  of the real  world  outcome  of this  inefficiency . And  you think  about ,
you know , it's almost  tautological , but in the United  States  and  developed  economies , we will do a
pretty  acceptable  job of acclimate  acclimating  to bad  climate  events . The  people  who  get hit the
worst  or the people  who  contributed  the least . It's the developing  economies  where  people  are going 
to be displaced . Entire  cities  are going  to be wiped  out, and  it's the economies  that  are least  able  to
deal  with  these  impacts .
[00:38:32.190]
What  do you do with  the argument  that  in the developing  world  they  require  more  or less  the same 
career  we had  with  building  their  economies  based  on an industrial  a 19th  century  style  industrial 
revolution ? Now  that  we have  grown  as wealthy  as we have , we are demanding  that  the rest  of the
world  that  has  not yet caught  up to us clean  up their  act when  only  now , as you know , at the tail end  of
our development , do we have  the courage  of our scruples  here .
[00:39:09.110]
What's  our obligation  to help  the developing  world  kind  of bypass ? The  the industrial  mistakes  we've 
made  for self-preservation  alone  should  dictate  that  we figure  out how  to do this . But how  do you
view  that  dialogue  and  trying  to persuade  China  and  India  and  Africa  to not follow  all the missteps  we
in in the utterly  developed  world  have  made ?
[00:39:36.130]
And I think  at least  on the meat  front , you can  look  at cellular  technology  and  cell phones  and  the
concept  of of leapfrogging .
[00:39:44.300]
So making  meat  from  plants  and  cultivating  meat  for themselves . What  I think  we can't  do for the
reasons  that  you just  underlined  is go to them  and  say you need  to eat less  meat . You  need  to not
adopt  practices  of industrial  animal  agriculture , look  at the adverse  harm  to the climate  or antibiotic 
resistance  or whatever  else . But we can  go and  say, let us help  you switch  to renewable  energy  is one 
climate  solution  that  is win win. And  in the case  of me, we can  help  you figure  out how , in the case  of
India  to turn  Millet's  into  palatable  products  that  Indian  consumers  will be enthusiastic  about .
[00:40:21.590]
We can  do that  with  plant  based  meat . We can  also  do that  with  cultivated  meat . And  we've  been 
deeply  gratified . We operate  in India  and . By India , the Modi  government  in India  was  the first  to fund 
the Center  for Cellular  and  Molecular  Biology  and  India  cultivated  Meet  Open  Access  R&D . The 
Chemical  Technology  Institute  in India  is also  very  enthusiastic , and  the entire  food  industry  in India 
has been  a phenomenal  partner  as well  as other  companies  in India . So and  then  China  wants  to be
the global  leader  on addressing  climate  change .
[00:41:00.570]
China  should  be all in on these  alternative  ways  of producing  meat  as well . We haven't  even  talked 
about  pandemics  to any significant  degree  yet. But as you know , Sam , we kind  of lucked  out. covid-19
could  have  been  significantly  more  deadly . It could  have  been  significantly  more  transmissible .
Scientists  say the next  pandemic  is inevitable . And  according  to the U.N.  Environment  Program , the
most  likely  cause  of the next  pandemic  is the consumption  of animal  meat , followed  by
intensification  of agriculture .
[00:41:35.970]
So with  plant  based  meat , uncultivated  meat , the chances  that  your  food  contributes  to antibiotic 
resistance  or the next  pandemic  falls  from  very , very  likely  to zero . It eliminates  those  problems  and 
that is in the best  interest  of governments  in developing  economies . But it is particularly  in the best interest  of governments  in developed  economies  to incentivize  this , to make  it something  that  is not a
sacrifice  for these  other  countries . And  this  leapfrogging  concept  also  speaks  to the urgency  here ,
you know , the vast  majority  of the increase  in demand  for meat  and  animal  protein  will come  from 
these  emerging  economies .
[00:42:18.300]
And they  don't  currently  have  one  of the biggest  challenges  that  the developed  world  is facing  right 
now  in this  protein  transition , which  is to say that  they  don't  have  the inertia  of sunk  assets  into  all of
this infrastructure  that  underlies  industrial  animal  agriculture .
[00:42:35.160]
So the opportunity  to, you know , go straight  to production  methods  that  are more  efficient , that  are
cleaner , that  are safer , that  are more  resilient  and  not have  to expend  all of those  resources  in building
these  incredibly  damaging  systems  that  then , you know , the folks  who  invested  in that  are
incentivized  to keep  that  status  quo  in in operation  as long  as possible . Yeah , yeah , well , on that  point 
in the developed  world , what  sort  of partners  have  the established  agribusinesses  been ?
[00:43:10.110]
And I got to think  that  and  I know  this  was , um, of a lady's  opinion  when  we spoke , you have  to figure 
out how  to bring  them  in as partners  so that  they  don't  view  these  alternatives  as a a mere  subtraction
from  their  potential  market . What's  that  dialogue  been  like and  how  hopeful  are you that  the titans  of
the world  are going  to recognize  that  they  should  be in this  game  rather  than  resisting  it?
[00:43:35.700]
We have  been  deeply  gratified  by the response  of both  the biggest  food  and  the biggest  meat 
companies  in the world . So Prie  covid  GFI had  an annual  conference  and  we had  JBS  and  Tyson  at
our conference , the two  largest  meat  companies  in the world  speaking  from  the dais , talking  about 
how  they  want  to be protein  companies . They  want  to supply  the world  with  high  quality  protein  as
profitably  as possible . So literally , all of the world's  largest  food  companies  and  all of the world's 
largest  meat  companies  have  gone  into  their  own  plant  based  meat  brands .
[00:44:14.700]
So JBS , Tyson  and  Smithfield  have  their  own  brands . Cargill  is supplying  KFC  in China , which  is pretty 
exciting . Tyson  and  Cargill , which  are the two  largest  U.S.  based  meat  companies , have  each  invested
in this  company . They've  invested  in Memphis  meats . And  kudos , kudos  to Ouma  for seeing  the value 
and being  so enthusiastic  about  inviting  them  in because , yeah , we want  them  to see this  as
opportunity . We their  supply  chains  are robust . They  know  what  consumers  want  from  meat .
[00:44:49.410]
They  are trusted  brands . So we are just  very , very  excited  about  having  Nestl , a.T.M , JBS , Tyson , and 
as far as we can  tell, they  are all taking  this  concept  very , very  seriously . It's a little  toe in the water  at
the moment , but there  has  not been  resistance . And  it does  seem  to us that  there  has  been  real 
enthusiasm  and  we're  delighted  by that .
[00:45:11.520]
Hmm . It's interesting  to consider  how  few  minds  actually  need  to change  to utterly  transform  our
practices  here  globally , because  as we've  pointed  out, it's not a matter  of successfully  getting  through
to all the individuals  to modify  their  day to day choices . We simply  have  to deliver  more  compelling 
choices  and  they  will just  grab  what  they  want . So when  electric  cars  become  better  than  gas  cars  by
every  metric  and  also  cheaper , there  will be no more  friction  in the system . You  know , there'll  be a few
people  who  are nostalgic  for the the rumble  of an internal  combustion  engine .
[00:45:52.560]
But for the most  part , people  won't  will want  faster , safer , cheaper  cars . And  that's  what  they'll  get.
And the I think  we're  more  than  halfway  to already  transforming  the basis  of that  decision . The  final 
piece  is probably  price , but how  many  people's  minds  do you think  would  have  to change  at the, you
know , the decision  making  level  in government , in these  companies  to essentially  rewrite  the rules  ofthe industry  here ? We're  certainly  not talking  about  millions  of people .
[00:46:27.600]
We might  be talking  about  10000  people . Mm  hmm . I think  you're  absolutely  right .
[00:46:32.670]
I wanted  to to squeeze  in one  of my favorite  quotes  ever , which  is if we could  make  meat  without  the
animal , why  wouldn't  we? And  the reason  that's  one  of my favorites  is because  that  was  said  by the
CEO  of Tyson  Foods , Tom  Hayes , in about  twenty  eighteen , which  just  really  speaks  to the incentives 
when  you approach  this  from  a really  pragmatic  perspective , you know , for for a meat  company  that 
controls  enormous  market  share  of total  global  meat  production , to be, you know , that  candid  that  the
animal  is almost  the most  inconvenient  part  of their  whole  process .
[00:47:09.960]
If they  can  meet  the make  the meat  without  the animal , why  wouldn't  they ? It becomes  quite  easy  to
sort of identify  what  those  incentives  and  what  those  drivers  are for. As you say, a relatively  small 
number  of of key decision  makers .
[00:47:24.420]
And I sort  of feel  like there  might  be just  like one  person  in China  who , if they  got really  absolutely 
behind  this , could  steer  billions  of dollars  into  it.
[00:47:33.660]
Or if John  Kerry  got really  into  this  or Joe  Biden , for that  matter , in the United  States .
[00:47:39.090]
And there  is tremendous  incentive  for them  to do that . I mean , you think  about  electric  cars , which 
you were  just  talking  about , Sam , and  GM has  said  by 2035  they're  going  to be 100  percent  electric .
Ford  has  said  they'll  be 100  percent  electric  by 2035  in Europe . And  that  means  they're  all going  to go
to China  because  China  has  ninety  three  of these  giga . Batteries  for lithium  ion batteries , and  they're 
going  to have  140  by 2030 . The  U.S.  has  four  of these  giga  factories  and  we're  expected  to have  10 by
2030 .
[00:48:10.810]
So if that  happens  to meet , if China  goes  all in on reconstructing  meat  from  plants  and  cultivating 
meat  directly  from  cells , they  become  the global  supplier  of meat  as well . So there  should  be a sort  of
space  race  among  governments  to reconstitute  meat  from  plants , to cultivate  meat  directly  from 
cells , because  it is how  we take  the likelihood  that  our food  causes  the next  pandemic  or leads  to
antibiotic  resistance  from  significant  to zero . It's a huge  part  of the climate  solution .
[00:48:44.470]
And the countries  that  decide  to take  this  on, I mean , they're  going  to have  bragging  rights  until  the
end of time , but it'll also  be spectacularly  good  for their  economies . So we certainly  want  the
corporations , but getting  governments  really  behind  this  and  lifting  up these  entire  sectors , you know ,
could  be very , very  few  people  who  could  make  a massive  difference .
[00:49:05.830]
That's  one  of the the silver  linings  of having  a totalitarian  approach  to government . You  really  only 
have  to change  a couple  of minds  and  then  everything  changes . So before  we close  here , I want  to
revisit  an issue  I raised  with  with  humor  in my original  podcast  on this  topic , because  I feel  like
people's  intuitions  are probably  in the process  of change  in here . But at the time  when  this  notion  of
clean  meat  was  first  floated , there  was  a concern  that  that  there  was  a kind  of ick factor  around  the
concept .
[00:49:37.750]
And this  is, I've always  thought , somewhat  counterintuitive  or paradoxical . You  tell people  that  a
single  cell has  been  removed  from  the the finest  producer  of steak  you can  find  on Earth . And  then then  steak  has  been  amplified  on the basis  of that  single  cell. So all of the disorder  and  suffering  has 
been  bypassed . You  know , literally  a single  cell has  been  removed  from  an otherwise  happy  animal 
and that's  started  the process . And  now  you have  meat  that  is getting  grown  in perfectly  clean  vats  by
people  and  in white  lab coats .
[00:50:19.570]
And when  you pitch  this  to people  there , at least  there  was  a kind  of ick factor  where  they  thought 
that's  that's  not something  I really  want  to eat. Right . And  yet what's  so strange  about  this  is what 
they're  telling  you is that  if you could  only  add  all the blood  and  chaos  and  misery  of a slaughterhouse
to the picture , then  they  would  get hungry  all of a sudden . Then  they  feel  like eating  that  steak  that 
had to be reclaimed  from  the murder  of terrified  animals  and  somehow  rendered  antiseptic  enough  to
consume .
[00:50:53.640]
Add to the picture  the DNA  viruses  that  now  everyone  has  good  reason  to to worry  about . How  do you
guys  view  the psychology  here  of it? Have  we have  we actually  just  blown  past  this  initial  reservation 
in people ? And  do you think  we're  just  there  really  won't  be any problem  in adoption  or do you think 
people  are still stuck  with  this ? I guess  it's the kind  of uncanny  valley  of food  intuitions . What  do you
guys  think  about  the psychology  here ?
[00:51:22.210]
I think  people  eat meat  right  now . Not  really  very  thoughtfully  so human  beings , I mean , again , our
programming  is to be wary  of new  foods  because  for however  many  thousands  of years , a new  food 
might  kill you.
[00:51:39.780]
I think  once  you have  the two  products  side  by side  and  one  of them  has  basically  no chance  that  it is
contaminated  with  bacteria , if it's seafood , no chance  that  it's contaminated  with  dioxins  or mercury ,
if it's other  animal  products , no chance  that  it has  any kind  of antibiotic  residues . It's just  a safer 
product . Live  streaming  production  on the Internet , very , very  boring , very , very  quickly , but kind  of the
opposite  of passing  laws  to make  it illegal  to find  out what's  happening  on these  farms  and  in these 
slaughterhouses .
[00:52:16.800]
So I think  it's natural  that  people , when  they  first  hear  about  it, might  not be super  enthusiastic . But as
the products  come  to market , I think  people  will be very  enthusiastic , especially  as it starts  reaching 
price  parity  and  assuming  that  it tastes  the same  or better . I will just  say that  the initial  consumer 
surveys  that  are done , even  when  it's referred  to as like in vitro  meat  or lab grown  meat , you still have 
somewhere  on the order  of 35 to 70 plus  percent  of people  who  say they're  happy  to eat it.
[00:52:52.290]
You have  a significant  portion  who  say they  are happy  to pay more  for it. That  alone  is a colossal ,
colossal  market . But I think  we go back  to what  dictates  consumer  choices  is how  does  it taste  and 
what  does  it cost ? So and  we'll  have  lots  and  lots  of early  adopters . And  as the the products  scale  up
and the price  comes  down , I think , you know , just  about  everybody  will go in this  direction .
[00:53:18.330]
And familiarity  goes  a huge  way  towards  this .
[00:53:21.330]
I don't  know  if you've  seen  the charts  of people's  reservations  about  getting  a covid  vaccine  prior  to
the the approval  of those  vaccines .
[00:53:31.410]
And then  afterwards , the curve  drops  almost  immediately . Once  the vaccines  were  approved  and 
people  started  hearing  about  friends  and  family  members  who  had  gotten  them , I think  the exact 
same  kind  of psychology  applies  here  that  people  may  say they  have  reservations  about  something just because  it's new  and  unfamiliar . But as soon  as you know  a friend  who  went  to a restaurant  and 
was able  to try this  really  cool  new  product , I think  a lot of that  evaporates  right  away . And  as Bruce 
mentioned , you know , we largely  have  not really  seen  that  ick factor  to a substantial  degree  in the last 
few years , even  of these  consumer  surveys  of this  product  before  it's on market .
[00:54:12.930]
Yeah , Bruce's  side  by side  comparison  does  suggest  a diabolical  commercial  that  could  be shot . Just ,
you know , how  one  mistake  was  made  versus  how  the other  was  made  and  all of it, culminating  with 
the taste , are not being  able  to tell the difference . Yeah , I do think  we will rewrite  our intuitions  on this 
front . And  I mean , just  shining  a light  on how  strange  they  are, you know , to take  vaccines  as an
analogy . We're  currently  living  in a country  where  something  like half  of the population  is quite 
sanguine  about  getting  coronavirus  right .
[00:54:51.570]
They  think  that's  no big deal . And  yet they're  afraid  to get vaccinated  for coronavirus . That's  how 
upside  down  it is for I don't  know  if it's half , but it has  to be tens  of millions  of people . I know  some  of
these  people  personally . I know  people  who  have  taken  basically  no precautions  to avoid  getting 
covid  but are highly  vaccine  resistant . And  these  people  are not uneducated  either . So it's this  sort  of
an imperative  to shine  a light  on how  discordant  these  beliefs  are or should  be.
[00:55:30.630]
In the case  of a cold  vaccine , this  is basically  someone  expressing  a preference  for taking  into  their 
body  whatever  it is that  naturally  came  out of a bat so as to second  and  kill millions  of people  to the
thing  we have  consciously  engineered . That  is a well  understood  not to be a complete  virus  that  can 
sickened  you and  whatever  side  effects  one  gets  from  getting  a vaccine . At this  point , this  experiment
has been  run on millions  and  millions  of people . And  we know  people  are not being  sent  to the
hospital  and  dying  based  on their  reaction  to the vaccine , whereas  they  are to the disease  proper .
[00:56:11.550]
And it's still it's a hard  conversation  to have  with  people . So I it's fascinating  how  clear  the path  to
daylight  should  be on so many  questions  and  how  difficult  it is to actually  get people  to walk  in the.
The only  reasonable  direction , I think  one  salient  point  here  that's  different  is that  this  transition 
towards  alternative  proteins  is currently  and  should  remain  entirely  apolitical  or bipartisan .
[00:56:40.140]
And we've  seen  support  from  sort  of libertarian  leaning  folks  who  recognize  this  as, yeah , this  is just  a
free, open  market  solution  to an inefficiency , as well  as folks  who  are kind  of driven  by some  of those 
those  larger  societal  implications .
[00:56:58.610]
Yeah . And  I mean , you look  at somebody  like Sonny  Perdue , who  was  Donald  Trump  secretary  of
agriculture , or Scott  Gottlieb , who  was  Donald  Trump's  FDA  commissioner . And  further  to Liz's  point ,
they  were  both  all in on alternative  proteins .
[00:57:12.440]
So I think  socializing  at what  Liz says  is absolutely  true . It's just  also  the case  that  if you're  thinking 
about  meat  with  cultivated  meat  and  I guess  I will also  just  take  a step  back  and  say this  is a fairly 
small  thing . The  term  that  GFI is using  is cultivated . It allows  us to talk  about  cultivating  meat  and 
doing  it in cultivators .
[00:57:32.480]
And it's a familiar  term  that  we think  is also  helpful . Not  a big thing . As I mentioned , even  the polls 
that talk  about  in vitro  meat  or lab grown  meat , the numbers  are pretty  good . And  when  it's explored 
why people  might  not want  to eat cultivated  meat , their  answers  oftentimes  are things  that  we can 
disabuse  them  of fairly  quickly . So it's going  to cost  too much  or it's not going  to taste  good  enough 
for whatever  else . But once  we actually  do have  the product  available , it is literally  the exact  same 
product .[00:58:05.010]
In the case  of cultivated  meat  and  with  plant  based  meat , it's made  up of things  that  people  are used 
to consuming . The  reason  that  people  are resistant  to plant  based  meat  is generally  they  you know ,
maybe  they  had  a bad  experience  with  a veggie  burger  or something . So, again , we can  we can 
educate  people  and  move  them  in the right  direction .
[00:58:22.400]
I think  with  both  these  products  also , there  must  be two  markets  here . Obviously , there's  the market 
of people  who  eat meat  and  want  things  to taste  the way  they  used  to taste  under  the the odious 
regime . And  if you can  give  them  that , then  they'll  be happy . But then  there  must  be vegetarians  and 
vegans  who  don't  want  their  meat  substitutes  to be too realistic . Right . Isn't  there  a preference  that 
has now  grown  up for millions  of people  that  it's what  you want , a veggie  burger  to taste  great , but
you actually  don't  want  it to taste  exactly  like a burger ?
[00:58:58.140]
Yeah , I mean , I think  at least  at GFI, it's it's a little  bit of a laugh  line, but it's also  true  when  vegetarians 
or vegans  say, well , I don't  want  to eat that , it's like we really  don't  care  what  you want  to eat or don't 
want  to eat. The  value  to all of the positive  qualities  of a shift  to plant  based  and  cultivated  meat  is
zero . If you're  eating  that  instead  of beans  and  rice  or whatever  vegetarians  and  vegans  are eating .
[00:59:26.090]
So we are pretty  laser  focused  at GFI on something  like 98 percent  of Americans  who  continue  to eat
meat . I mean , it's a sort  of funny  thing  that  something  like six percent  of the public  self  identifies  as
vegetarian . But when  the Vegetarian  Resource  Group  asks  people , what  did you eat in the last  month ,
a significant  portion  of those  have  eaten  your  chicken  in the last  month .
[00:59:50.510]
The arithmetic  doesn't  work .
[00:59:51.890]
I think  you're  absolutely  right , Sam , that  some  people  don't  want  the taste  exactly  the same . But for
those  people , they  have  a range  of products  that  they  can  consume  instead  for the positive  benefit  of
this shift .
[01:00:05.540]
What  we're  really  trying  to do is that  Holy  Grail . It needs  to satisfy  meat  eaters . It needs  to taste  the
same  or better . And  then  eventually , as it scales  up, it needs  to cost  the same  or less .
[01:00:17.360]
OK, so is there  anything  that  people  can  do at this  point  to help  again , we're  trying  to change  the
minds  of decision  makers  here , but what  can  people  do to effectively  change  the timeline  over  which 
this is bound  to happen  at this  point ? Well , I will start  by saying  that  the Good  Food  Institute  operates 
as sort  of a think  tank  and  open  access  resource  hub . So we operate  across  three  programmatic 
areas , our policy  department , and  we are hiring  in our policy  department .
[01:00:52.190]
But people  can  get involved  in lobbying  their  members  of Congress  to support  the work  that  GFI is
doing  and  others  are doing  to incentivize  the shift  and  also  to fund  open  access  research . We operate
in terms  of industry  engagement , so we work  with  the really  big meat  and  food  companies . If
somebody  works  at one  of those  companies , you have  a huge  lever  to try to help  make  change . We
also  work  with  entrepreneurs  and  investors  and  encourage  people  to check  out all of the resources 
that we have  on our website  at GFI Drug  for Entrepreneurs  and  Investors .
[01:01:32.760]
We work  with  scientists  and  I'll let Liz talk  a little  bit about  what  people  can  do if they're  they're 
interested  in getting  involved  and  they  have  scientific  acumen .[01:01:41.600]
Yeah . One  of the big biggest  bottlenecks  we hear  over  and  over  for what's  hampering  the growth  of
the alternative  protein  industry  is a gap  around  technical  talent . A lot of folks  from  sort  of adjacent 
technical  fields , whether  it's tissue  engineering  or biochemistry  or bioprocessing  design , have  relevant
skill sets . But this  may  not be on folks  radar , as you know , an up and  coming  sort  of career  vocational 
calling . So that's  that's  a big area  where  we support  with  resources  to help  folks  plug  into  this 
industry .
[01:02:16.970]
We do a lot of work  on campuses . As Bruce  mentioned  before , we are funding  grants  to get new 
researchers  and  new  investigators  pivoting  some  of their  research  focus  towards  the biggest , highest
impact  knowledge  gaps  in research  questions  in this  field .
[01:02:34.940]
So almost  at any career  stage , there's  there's  sort  of an inlet  to figure  out, you know , how  that 
technical  talent  can  go to serve  some  of these  needs . And  and  I do just  want  to reiterate  how  utterly 
tractable  this  field  is. There  is a great  need  for research  and  research  funding , but this  is not rocket 
science . If you look  at the improvement  in the quality  of products  and  the breadth  of products  that 
has happened  in the last  few  years , that's  really  been  on a complete  shoestring  budget .
[01:03:07.400]
So there's  immense  capability  here . You  know , as we've  we've  touched  on a couple  of times , we don't 
batted  an eye at the hundreds  of billions  of dollars  going  into  renewable  energy  R&D  every  single  year .
But in our tallying , the total  public  funding  that  we estimate  has  gone  towards  alternative  proteins 
across  all time , across  all governments  is on the order  of tens  of millions , not trillions  or hundreds  of
billions . So, you know , there's  just  immense  potential  here  for allocating  more  resources , more  talent ,
more  attention  towards  this  field  and  having  that  manifest  as a really  outsized  impact  on the world .
[01:03:50.660]
And I will just  toss  out, Sam , for people  who  just  want  to put their  toe in the water . GFI has  a couple  of
different  monthly  seminars . We have  a Business  of Alternative  Proteins  seminar . It's a webinar  and  a
Science  of Proteins  webinar . Every  single  month  we have  some  newsletters  which  people  can  sign  up
for, which  are sort  of everything  that's  happening  in alternative  proteins . And  we do have  job openings
in the United  States  as well  as I think  maybe  in all of our global  affiliates , certainly  in most  of them .
[01:04:19.280]
So folks  can  find  all of that  information . Just  on our website , which  is GFI dot o r g. We are also 
philanthropically  funded . So this  is extremely  high  impact , extremely  neglected  and  extremely 
tractable . And  we certainly  invite  anybody  who  would  like to join our family  of supporters . That's 
great .
[01:04:39.290]
Actually , Liz, I want  to spell  that  out a little  bit more  because  it seems  to me that  we should  make  it
crystal  clear  many  people  go into  science  without  any clear  concept  of what  they're  going  to do and 
how  they're  going  to put it to use. They're  interested  in it and  they're  just  kind  of meandering  through 
their  undergraduate  years , following  their  interests . But they  haven't  actually  connected  with  a a more 
vocational  sense  of how  they're  going  to do good  in the world .
[01:05:10.250]
And so I'd like to tap into  this  idealism  a little  bit more , because  what  we really  want  to engineer  here 
is a. Kind  of gold  rush , you know , both  purely  material , I mean , we let's  leverage  people's  greed  for
material  success , but also  a kind  of moral  gold  rush . And  we want  people  to feel  inspired  by solving  a
massive  problem  and  reducing  suffering  and  existential  risk. And  this  topic  really  does  sit at the
crossroads  of all of that .
[01:05:44.640]If you were  starting  college  today , what  courses  of study  would  be obviously  relevant  to making  a
contribution  in this  area ? At risk of feeling  like I'm dodging  your  question , it really  is true  that  any
STEM  discipline  has  a role  to play .
[01:06:02.570]
Here  are these  these  approaches  are so interdisciplinary  that  that's  actually  been  one  of the
challenges  from  a technical  talent  training  perspective  is finding  folks  who  would  have , say, a stem 
cell or tissue  engineering  background , who  also  understand  the biochemistry  of flavor  in food  or the
biomechanics  of texture . Those  are typically  biomaterials  folks  or food  scientists  who  would  have 
that kind  of expertise .
[01:06:31.540]
So what  we've  started  to see at some  universities  is students  who  who  have  the opportunity  to sort  of
create  a major  and  pull coursework  and  and  lab work  in some  cases  from  multiple  areas  to really 
understand  those  intersections , which  I think  is where  there's  the greatest  potential  for these  sort  of
innovative  leaps .
[01:06:55.250]
We have  seen  tremendous  traction  with  our student  group  chapters  on campuses . We have  11
chapters  so far with  plans  to scale  those . And  those  students  have  been  extraordinarily  influential  as
this this  voice  on campus  to advocate  for more  coursework  in this  area , to go out and  connect 
directly  with  faculty  members , to implore  them  to consider  applications  of their  research  area  towards
addressing  these  challenges .
[01:07:24.830]
And I think  there  is, you know , among  this  sort  of up and  coming  generation  of scientists , a real 
appetite  for making  sure  that , you know , they're  not just  doing  research  for research  sake , but that  it's
truly  tapping  into  something  that  that  is a passion  project  for them  and  and  the sort  of sense  of
disillusionment  with  maybe  a kind  of older  paradigms  in academia  of finding  your  Neshin , just 
publishing  relentlessly  in that  sort  of, you know , obscure  corner  of of the knowledge  sphere , but rather
kind  of taking  this  this  holistic  approach  and  and  saying  we can  we can  have  it.
[01:08:04.520]
All right . We can  explore  really  fascinating  kind  of fundamental  biochemistry  and  biology  and  and 
engineering  questions , but do it in the context  of also  addressing  these  massive  societal  and  global 
issues .
[01:08:18.740]
How  much  of this  is needing  to get people  to do doctorate  research  in the relevant  areas ? And  how 
much  can  be more  along  the lines  of what  we've  seen  in computer  science , where , you know , you can 
come  out of an undergraduate  computer  science  background  and  quite  clearly  make  the relevant 
contributions  to the software  industry . And  obviously  the people  can  be self-taught  in those  areas . It's
so modular . But is this  the kind  of thing  that  with  the right  undergraduate  curriculum , we could  help 
engineer  a functionally  unlimited  supply  of relevant  talent ?
[01:09:00.050]
I've certainly  seen  my fair share  of incredibly  impressive  folks  who  are passionate  about  this  field  and 
don't  have , you know , endless  letters  and  credentials  after  their  name . And  I think , you know , I'm glad 
you mentioned  computational  science  because  I think  that's  an area  that  has  a huge  role  to play  in
alternative  proteins  that  hasn't  been  quite  so recognized  yet. You  know , the degree  to which  we can 
automate  and  accelerate  R&D  through , you know , simulating  experiments  rather  than  having  to
conduct  that  work  empirically .
[01:09:33.410]
There's  massive  potential  there  for acceleration . And  certainly , as you know , startup  companies  in this
space  become  more  mature . They'll  need  talent  at sort  of every  tier of training . You  know , when  you're
a startup , first  formulating  your  your  R&D  strategy  and  so forth , you're  typically  just  hiring  folks  mostlyat the PhD  level .
[01:09:56.060]
But once  this  starts  to move  more  and  more  into  commercial  operation , you'll  need  technicians  to
kind  of maintain  your  cell banks .
[01:10:04.550]
You'll  need  folks  who  who  are keeping  the system  running  but don't  need  to be those  sort  of highly 
credentialed , highly  trained  and  skilled  innovators .
[01:10:15.830]
And just  further  to something  that  that  is not at.
[01:10:18.160]
At a minute  ago , the GFI University  focus  is pretty  single  mindedly  on STEM  and  some  of the
undergrad  students  that  are taking  very  seriously  alternative  proteins  on their  campuses  are making 
just a massive  impact  from  sort  of the bottom  to the top in terms  of their  outreach  to professors  and 
getting  even  graduate  level  courses  considered  and  working  with  professors  on research  centers .
[01:10:47.120]
So we need  people  in private  industry , but we also , just  like there  are climate  centers  at universities  all
over  the world , there  should  be alternative  protein  research  centers  at universities  all over  the world .
And that  does  not require  an advanced  degree  to be a champion  of that  concept .
[01:11:07.310]
Seems  like they  could  be incentivized  financially  to I mean , if a university  like Stanford  created  the
relevant  department  and  that  department  could  have  equity  in whatever  enterprises  were  spun  out of
its curriculum , it just  seems  like you could  marry  the academics  and  the business  case  there  and  get
people  moving . Absolutely .
[01:11:32.630]
And those  models  do exist  and  have  been  pioneered  in other  fields .
[01:11:36.620]
And I think  that's  really , you know , a beautiful  sort  of trifecta  of players  in those  types  of research 
institutes , as if you have  government  funding , university  involvement  and  industry  partners  and  they 
all have  the appropriate  incentives  to be involved . It's it's value  creation  or job creation  from  the
government  perspective . It's training  opportunities  from  the university  perspective  and  really , you
know , the ability  to establish  a center  of excellence . And  then , as you note , these  industry  partners  get
sort of first  look  at new  technologies  coming  out of that  space , as well  as an opportunity  to help  guide
those  research  focus  areas  based  on what  they're  seeing  as the true  pain  points  in in the industry .
[01:12:26.120]
Well , it's exciting  stuff .
[01:12:27.470]
So I just  want  to thank  you both  for taking  the time  to explain  all of this  to my audience  and  for the
work  you're  doing . And  I recommend  people  go to the the Good  Food  Institute  site  and  get more 
information  and  support  your  necessary  work .
[01:12:43.160]
And I will certainly  do that  myself . So both  of you, thank  you for your  time . Thank  you very  much .
Thank  you.