number of parameters: 10.68M

of us your  in instonation  from  the last  podcast , there  were  some  complicated  four  future  orins  sounds  on, that's
Nat's  favorite  that  including . One , there  remterpredate  in a constant  their  right  and  who  here  tried  by by the
Marifking  Sense  podcast , in start , a computed  and  a confuse  trates , other  quite  directed .
[00:21:45.430]
And in then  here's  no happy  that  I could  die proach  to, plate  in the problem  in our edge  where  some
knowing  as we'll  go to be say.
[00:22:33.690]
It's traditional  and  when  other  sciences  that  is phenomenone  ways , there's  also  a lot of really  by motivation .
[00:30:40.450]
Yeah , although , you know , given  just  life with  a synthetic  case , you know , a games  of this , more  philantis  concern  choice
that's  harmful  human  episodes .
[00:27:19.240]
And so I never  ways  a while  fraud  his  concerns  after  it's still find  it. What  should  say the constructive
and making  me more  of simultaneously  way  is more  they  work , it would  symmary  life values  to if you just
would  in formed  of wirdst  podcast  us, there  is sn't  the problem  from  the populant  million  and  just  how  strange
psychologically  just  been  given  in the coffect  of kind  of good  together  other  and  so as plang  somebody  is. I mean , when  you've  expected  the case , whether  you're
an evolved  slike  my virtually  as ultimately  intelligency  in relatively .
[00:18:29.190]
Otherwise , the relacism  has  one  the beautiness  serve  with  see, medicingly  worked  up and  again , it dudenly  mind
his porthological  desults  to the most  how  I got into  the mind  position  to be much  eyes , even  though  we
had your  thought  most  of these  things  of that  we learn  a require  idea  in the bar personal .
[00:23:15.700]
But this  large  with  the cops  in discussed  everyone  call be the ideen  day, well , that  is all of these  here .
[00:51:35.230]
And yet there  were  just  like, then  you don't  see he's  like it's a bearry  standing  they're  good  out if the
the disturbing  prediction . And  to reach  itself  is presidentead  and  part  of people  to be a capacity  talking
about  all this  degree  now . You've  take  this  one , even  if we may  knew  we have  a biggest  makes  with  16 million  of right  me.
[00:08:43.110]
In fact , but you when  people  just  can  make  this  is a cop  of ahead  and , you know , first  people  in the
consciousness .
[00:00:36.470]
Well , what  much  is these  things  there  is they're  they  builts  doing  more  than  we're  fairly  the relationship
of doing  through  the worlds  and  one  of the part  for things , that  make  happens  to be fishing  what  we can  decide
me, the message  people  in our liberally  here  in a way  the 30s  of Jook  that  neurology  is a long  nature  philanthropy
servisipk  is at that  parallely  we might  be from  the position  would  wake  religent , but but million  dollars  in the
even  the city and  election  to check  it nocessures  what ? Right .
[00:04:57.030]
But there's  there's  been  going  to have  a white  can  drope  for the early  productivity  would  get
the thing .
[00:13:40.130]
But they'll  get all mean , the time , that  go when  you're  going  to build  folk  and  it's tranty  or her their  elections  and  respondable  to
make  these  money  something  that  if we sat as many  of these  requirations  with  some  of chajust  gotten , that
we were  the very  like that's  actually  a sign  right  in Vous  Setrecurques  that  are opposed  to be the thing . And
they're  to know  whatever  when  they're  worried  sure  on great  wated  and  have  everyone , kind
of perfective  weeks  in their  sceech , well , that's  right  now .
[00:07:15.340]
So a virtue  comedy , right . Varis . But so I mean , I surely  looking  at that , the right  thing  sus  that  this
is a more  of more  from  certain  group , the relies  central  public  of the last  can  one , that's  good  right . And  so they're  should
expand  all legical  topics . I mean , even  if not to regually , part  of the laces  are a rest  of mind  at least  that
the end  risk counting  10 percent  of percent , you know , this  is there  was  a value  that  had  more  been  what  they  were
compassively  actually  selforgive  the the breath  head  violences  of the nour  effective  describe  to pay
of dential  and  problem , in cope , if you've  group  up, to do which , the important  thing  seed  to
make  those  are just  thoughts  to clasulaugh , people  have  these  thoughts  drown  and  felted . I mean , 50 for
it feels  like that's , actually . And  in a way  if because  I'm an interesting  to default , right .
[01:36:45.630]
I mean , this  messages  people  in England , the fact  on this  could  would  have  to be, you know , just  in a
ready  policy  that  we chose  you could  see it, seem  toop  I something  that  we'll  be be something  with  massive
attentio
----------------------

perfect  example  and  they  would  get from  this  time  that  could  will be to that  corpeace  of Amery  effect .
[00:25:04.900]
That's  that's  why  one  of the election , white  reputated  dersease  where  when  you think  you want  your
seems  to propes  what  happened  is there , you know , this  was  looking  at the create  repretaire  that  in hands  other
sort  of course , and  a great  one  different  crosses , but but the you illusion  with  some  good  for simulang
that there's  something  that  you can  keep  exactly  in our sanation  and . If you have  on your  eyes  mind  and  if you're
not comferes  to JeMinge  Jo1's  who  need  to, imagine  there  was  a group  where  deeply  in all of those  works .
[00:28:42.270]
Who  was  swicking  into  our just  infliciance , to happen  to the subscribe  of even  overlop  political
illustrations . With  this  primarily  on opportunity  to get into  the equations  of behavior  substerit  of
people  because  in which  they  they  sprome  matters  up and  redutation  because  I couldn't  have  a world  and  the opposed  to my valid  look  at we have
made  that  when  people  are in the coming  about  the whole  can  go to a group  was  away  from  me and  some
security  to neglective  their  evidency  comedy  from  mosuntakee  up on. They'll  know , they're  not the longes , but
that's  many  society . And  those  friendship  I just  wanted  to be adressed  English  and  I can  think  you'll  that  he knowledge
that  does  something  is all, on there's  Americans  is actually  there's  lying  earlier  to be sure  a built  of
really  generous . They  need  to be able  to trust  against  their  listens .
[00:31:50.260]
So not going  to do to address  to its podcast  that  everyone  who  environmally  or an analoguism  to the fith
goal .
[00:21:53.280]
And right . There's  no on. So we private  there  exactly  far of groups , if when  I think  we detection  lawyers
like these  aren't  part  of this  is something  and  just  on that , you know , it's often  an uncounting , the made
had hard  her night . That  I would  New  York  Times . But it can  got a simply  doing  with  your  whole  to take  this
accept  of your  principle  because  you're  just  contained  with  the case  traphore  where  when  you are James
in government  and  stop  that , I'm actually  accessured  in your  climate  here , too. Dreams  was .
[00:12:49.530]
Aham . I've been  wmanted . It's got through  claim  also , there  is there's  there's  just  a perhaps  that  should
actually  do vote  in the room  aguare . A whole  of one  deaths , well .
[00:47:58.830]
And it's the most  desire  troubling  a few  those  years  of making  so.
[00:22:55.260]
So will pand  how  he start  without  the movie  that  being  free  sciences , just  starting  was  on one  of the Ken
seas  where  it's imagine  some  virtual  less  are changing  you think  it mean , but there  was  a hauding  homelessness
object  to disgood . And  ago , people  in rich  might  have  a his facture  of his physical  inspire ? And  so
if we should  just  have  none  as just  flat the wrong  of Deaths , in the other  side  that  we essentially  in the crimes  of what  institutions  that  in
patry and  it makes , times  money  has  non  situate  the way  to be distract  in a not longers  various  personse  that  you gets
shot  that  not on projective  human  was  white  to like a quartmation  on missing  impessively . Up it is, just
possible  that  they  did not they  wrote  want  to his left.
[00:41:35.250]
And how  do you think  to you it. And  they're  also  the last  moving , all they  could  be the incomes  to that  we weren't  work  to their
seeming .
[00:22:25.390]
Yeah , take  them  of compassion  for any objective  clear  within  the ethical  school . This  is going  to buy die.
[00:14:59.740]
But no, you know , about  Trimp  was  making  on the road  that  he made  studies  that  you have  to give  70 the means
or the busild  don't  work . And  was  Avainstas  completely  universe  on the right  Interests , our and  and  it
could  absolutely  can  be started  a candes .
[01:06:01.960]
And when  it's where's  going  to wrong  the first  really  even  primarily  and  say, but then  someone  actually
integrings  to access  there  are on people  who  just  be a cause  purpose  for a lot of some  sort  of Bringling  These
Biden  that  forejust  them , I've said  I got 50 my pain  and  having  her consider  in both  word .
[00:24:32.790]
And there  were  only  were  business  which  is signifying  someone  who  got us us there's  a subscription  that  he wonderld ?
[00:55:07.970]
It's just  amazed  the extoryone . Like  for example , the case  was  the new  respegated  that  some  to what  the good
right  their  support , the way  people  who  are relationship  fairly ?
[00:43:20.650]
Hears  in fine . We want  to have  to be fank  of recent  claim  they  never  have  to find  our say, but there
were  als
----------------------

[00:45:27.610]
Well , I was  going  to put why  it's quite  always  in mazing  myself , probably  of the cops .
[00:37:55.020]
It could  asked  up and  fall, you know , the people  has  not surprised  displusions  who's  contronges  or the shead
and then  the were  need  to being  campletely  complain . OK, when  are subscriber  300  Zandom  Ars , we
get any few  in human  constext , we're  going  to dicted  to the right  of all. OK, so, but when  I'm I'm I'm at more
about  even  I don't  think  that's  we actually  happy  to address  to pay to do. I think  that's  it did. It really
does . Yeah . It can't  want  to detect  to be ten  thinking  case .
[00:08:55.470]
You naturally , have  your  priorities .
[00:00:47.920]
And now  you have  into  the board . I've make  caused  it immigration  honest , you're  not you're  just  not pushing
at the group  flat  because  not optimes  not . You  know , missemarketting  completely  sitting  there  are going  to
where  you're  described  and  when  it goes  to have  as almost  of protest  can  harm  to pull like you think  to make  a lot of
the jokes  and  you take  the rich  communists  is forgive  social  public  about  evidence  wondeks  of the language , that  were
swings  not is adually , Trump  is now  would  be in a group  fevegand . And  isn't  the mind  of the burn  that  from
Trump  did a long  task  for astonome  we were  self-city standing . And  so when  you made  I want  the wrong
disease  that  I wanting  to get inevent  pretain  to the visual  things  that  the subject  basis  sexist  memory ,
but they  gets  make , unquite  to the corrupt  of what's  an interest . How  does  they  do think . Like  they
needed  to forget  writers . And  if you're  it's more  feeling  to get breath  mind  in having  immediate  extraordinary , just
nothing  is something  to happy  to disagree  about  the crazy  berginning  completely  has  confused  nature  than
obviously  object0m . Like  only  matter  intuitions  alient  spotly  that  many  starts  institutions  of ourselves
so with  six the lives  dease  of those  demands  those  other  produces , I think  there  are nuts  and  what
don't  have  to just  with  purely  understood , there  is a quarm  of invisibly  among  that  is just  our public  living
that happens  and  the conversation  of the Making  Sense  podcast  and  it's just  got to take  Doung  to get any
new know . You  know , it would  sometomes  who  of the podcast  don't  happens  this  kind  of reality  has  although  all
of those  are sanity ? So would  be there  no doubt  that  the Big down  dosing  a. In fact , this  is a really
person  which , is like of a rational  isans  playing  up to be making  a word . And  in the Rosum  is no creative  an
essentially  securily  ideas  and  all these  very  first  percent  things  you feel  like falling  zooms  like the care
stranger's  America , like trame  ideas  from  some  less  fine . So is there  are, we should  then  there's  know  the
best  no the one  bell-being  ads  to muddy  say that  seems  to get across  just  that .
[00:31:11.920]
I've bought  The  way  I get saying  out. I mean , so if you're  taining  a right , that's  why . So you are not some
pro and conspiracy . And  I, no, you know , just  a mutuali  that , you know , that's  not approvanced .
[00:40:23.820]
And month  between  Mare  15 was  almost  to afraid ? .
[00:15:21.290]
But the funny , everyone  can  be in the exone's  continuum  kind  of perhaps ? So sure  we've  never  heard  out
there  there's  support  even  motion  clearly  come  in the white  people  Tump  connection . He's  imagine  one  over  health  by
factomatically  the planning  wood  to continute  their  weeks  to acknowledge  capace , but the man  information  people  who  have
even  makes  like someone  two  who  drives  of gets  something  out and  got for anyone  whose  stupics  to understand
something , negative  racism  would  have  a finally  loswer  liemen . And  he's  admissing  to see groups  is a
cover  benefits  of as that  every  ago, is there  is because  then  no one  though  something , guy. He is going  to
be as get it. OK, so. I mean , the lads  terms  to, someone  who  is for New  York  Zayuse  being  a sworth  Long  in the
world  and  they're  technology  there  they're  on excess  anyone  actions  while  meditation  and  hypocrisy  aways  on free
phone  with  from  their  differences  between  right  now . And  so what  he are inspired  that  is going  to
dislax  eage . Why  will  get, they  seem  to say into  the public  of these  problems , which  is their  life to find  it in every  of
the Health  paxience . They'll  do this  else .
[00:33:13.820] - when  we're  saying  there  is not there's  a no toturn  so moths  of con  these  people  got instentifing  some
crimes  that  I think  he's  there's  somehow  on that  you're  poor  up right  now ? That's  not going  to be
doing  them . And  in fact , they  don't  want  to a burnu
----------------------