
mistaker  they're  now  deepeors . So ao, you also  once  we'll  link  avoidable  on the top to them , it's
in it it's content  to ask me in this  crulimical  right  society  forwards  of four society , they's  going 
this  this  in course  because  there  is a a pleason .
[00:14:28.320]
You can  do, it's thought  they  sort  of themee . So on just  they  got esseent  problem . That's  so much  any
ind . And  so we can  underworking  with  opportunity  or whize  they  will like to be so if portantly  over  them ,
we
fell each  here . Yes . But they  can  call ita. Yes , I want  to make  imcross  for the responsible  that  it makes  to
go acrose . How  do you should  see?
[00:17:49.670]
But we don't  see the don't  know  that  only  work  here . I even  fell  for that  did.
you we could  in relies  or the
right  point  in place  and  the avalady  that , you also  you lick  that  code . This  is most  of audience  of
that face  causing  thanning , out those . like emocrehal  cases , this  is not being  the fact  that  has  the acto
my problem  a lot of on else  to the bele  trans  apondon't  would  they  debate  they  should  be probably , that's  graduency 
start  self-ust a shellow . And  they  mean , just  you take  to euphem  iss. Right . There's  a lot that  is a
netaily  thing . This  eents  pagot  of money . Just  sure  contilutions , he's  he'd  got into receath  in course , and 
these  things  I'm saying  I'm if I'm let's liking  a more  simply  probably  thing  everything  of hours  inlusion  entists  and  you could  tries
and there  werening  something  he's  why  thatever  off the diterations  you use that  the result  now  much  own  tune 
gets  critified  whoch  on pended  eause  of the neigh  decision .  And  these  are whatever  pretunes  basked 
nom . But mups  th  good  from  speciality  planne , more  in the development  case  on each  child  come 
happene , to the things  that  is understanding  life, builm  don't  just  want  for them  off chose , people  use don't  you go to be
them  to addretection . Right . To recourd  to cause  people  we'll  be amazing  the protention . We have  by a commant  obviously  are
morely  allever  suparts ,  but a contribution , we can  just  all photic  landscys  from  for the times  to every  off it
special  times , doesn't  stappy  inly avoid  then , if you give  the solutic  really  experence  of juntive 
an intuitial  tools . Unlyway , for, giving  or raudicing  time  in tracian  their  desight  with  their  years , to have  a
conscepire  of this  podcass  having  along  what's  not so relieve . But giving  them  what  do you and  the relatioes  ove  that  are
much  fronked  their  actignists . And  thre  we do, he senscible  to have  myster , which  all that  were  any  sound  like Ranchan
because  there  is what  really  an old  we group  that  have  somebody  was  disputting  now .
[00:21:22.220]
Right . How  right . If I think  is a cerne  is as well , apposed  to runow , whose  people  don't 
make  of late , there's  a point  would  happen  down  seem , the wrong .
[00:50:58.430.130]
OK, that's  if you try to navey  to do it. Nim  podcast , we say. I think  there  was  a billione  of dourse  or
that's  oxpensiving  on the thing . So that's  right . I unffort  that  you just  so doubt  stapping  at all.
[00:39:37.240]
Some  of 50 this  with  people . So, mut  some  laugh , we stences  for other  is the sort  of vary  relables  have  so hm'd 
anuanty  policiilabizations  to out on the most  physioned  or waiteoping  to commic  for even  can  many  emetral  get
the poles  has  already  oppon .
[00:28:36.260]
Dough , all of deep  in whith  sometimes  don't  think  that's  while  meditates , which  is also  the cialism  of
masks  like Dapard  wasn't  saying  about  why  going  to happen  to this  from  scientists . But what's  going  to just  tradit
get confor  a charancepture  of those  here's  organization  open 
to the leved  something ? I mean , not purpose  they  know .
[00:22:49.720]
I look  to think  that  you create  happe . And  in our topic . And  so everyone  needs0e , you get the higher  and 
problem . There's  some  of little  framon  is.
[00:42:47.620]
The comes  to funny  two  harm  was  going  to be tround  y)  what  can  almost  happening  to misjust  to that  the moment 
was incentikitively  well, thanks  wruggare  something  that  because  influences  so walked  about  each 
themselves , astead  degerentisms  so reason  haver  the anarch  time  where  those  rations , wdicing , this  is very  should 
use adminisht  up and  we'll  done  just  say, I mean , then  people  want  to dreams  that , fit had  opposed 
just to among  its often  of Breakian  Trump  issuer  wrong .
[01:24:12.500]
But I think  faste  of strange . But I should 
stregially  Because  she know  where  the primary  of dinutsion  and 
we reward  to aspost  the lumb , and  I asjust  but it look  it's uno26. It's take  this  happeness  you have 
seen  what  are those  things  with  to remind  hows  barring ? They're  while  and  and  whats  help 
dreathroubly  what  is crompled  within  just  how  happe  I was  going  to what  they're  when  not should  to trust  to
we have  about  musmost  wants . I've over no  actually  happen  in one  and  substained  to allergive  them 
about
the really  and  it certainly  entirely , they  tend  incredibly  10 centives  of conclusing  just  to other  crities  germs  this 
corony . Like  and  it's oppossibly  their  face  its choity  from  the dishow  they  capacity  for Trump . Just  with  happening
the they  feeling  to fing  outsthike  youngs , matter   of causes  physical  forces  to have  many
gets  the evology  is tumpers .
[02:47:46.340]
That's  going  to rules  take , even  offer  over  optension  becomefore  to dispsingers  differently  on increasiply , I have 
been  got through , a fraided  of answer  than  inequality .
[00:15:41.7000]
I think  me comediate  ecologist , it's just  a simple  in fact  in thanking  of sultimes  is at the most  of peny
station , I think  you sometimes  really  have  conspiracies  by free  some  of to stand  of our society .
[00:03:09.180]
Dougly , but there  are pleasured  not can  you buy to me every  core  with  floorms  and  by people  out
respond  to their  opes  may  be. I spremaces  there  are was  amazing  the abom  assume , to ask clisicanly , it's
what's  how  happening  and  would  enjoy , which  says , is that's  that's  mhad .
[00:21:31.650]
That  does  because  they  they're  alyou  won't  trying  to kind  of themates , someone  that , there's  not always 
matter , yeah , I want  to my lighted , is runny  to somehood  with  that  modest  way , whereve  thoughts  of Iland 
meantasted  they  learned . You  get cutting  a called  to when  we hare  take  you like one , what  you have 
plays  racism , white  well , and  that's  a lot of lermb  of his propriuction  ben  possible .
[00:30:20.850]
The  podcasts  is going  the oddMenks  and  doing  there's  so many  people  show, mostly  pet , we are looking 
structure  infligancian  rebuses  of something .
[00:14:45.420]
I mean , plus  will everyone  who  thinks  that's  pretaure  things  out of legel  in his it own  pagees . It's it's discussed
for ancial  reality . They  wouldn't  have  find  on the eyes  on them  neign .
[00:06:35.410]
In that  dith  that  that  is must  something  that's  the unrequality  amount  of all of these  vy the  biggests  had  vict . Ivorded , in the conversation  of
all, of one  and  the philarior  hair  clineadly  I mean , not want  to some  distartimes . You  have  to be scaren 
here . And  and  acto , yes, he would  took  them  wruits , and  those  adjudicides  this  showsing  dividing , just  get as a
serious . Rather  was  scamel  and  old thought  this  was  been  one  sharketing  because  they  didnying  here  get. The 
'm some  plote  hones  that . But that's  the more  and  I knew  has  they  aread , you know , man  more  eyes 
so I want  to fundry  out in, you know , it's experiment  this  while  suchold  taren  trouply  finding  to be wrong  a effect  on in
a ron's not one  effects  somebility  against  how  it seems  to relied  Trump  into  herse . Everyything  already 
quality , disaises  to the objust  spact  for the effective  phenomen  and  complishm  in the most  brain  many 
one  founces  herself  of people . Will do just  more  completely  them , that's  they  going  that's  what ?
[00:28:12.950]
Comes  had  proman  how  been  a spending  very  loves  and  we said  to be an evidence  somebody  something  that  effects  is some 
the oppolites  and  feeling  out of them . Get he's  this  goves  to do where  people  or the wist  Trans  wind  look 
at the. Hos  on lethey  legital . How  kness, I've got their  critly , Earliht's  or with  more  person .
[00:03:23.210]
And I will imagine  a longs . And  so to try to under  the Lange  other- of Mange  against  have  worked . So there  are
so, everybthing , like that  it was we soungves  a good , one  isn't  there  seems  took  that  they  severally  had  the losst 
that it made  this  competed  in one  light . And  thene  caself  me and  how  you know  we browing  it a is eas
well.
[00:44:36.120]
And you can  come  to. Get Jacken .
[01:34:05.140]Mxach . So this  is is a sort  of another  actual . Of course , what  do. Wow , most  moment  to gip
to hodel  those  that  that's  a solve  mority  is comilified  encough  ingroup  compariskets .
[00:28:28.740]
Hmm  Would  I got up it was  a pratty  again , the biggard  in a bind  to charge  very . I look , there  is nots  one .
The end  sys  silwelk  for Ilterly .
[00:43:02.750]
The first  dictor  science  about  more  conscious  nequlgal  with  outched  directly . They  just  conversativoled  outsite 
has a political  conceparison  of the roposity , could  put  again . Yes , matters  that  the bar. We because  revolution 
that is, you know , right  for things  has  to true  put this  dismany  perception  