Hyperparams: {'n_layer': 12, 'n_head': 12, 'n_embd': 768, 'block_size': 256, 'bias': False, 'vocab_size': 82, 'dropout': 0.0}Val loss: 1.351638674736023Trained at: 2023-07-22 17:56:03.904446+05:30
our houses  is important , because  it all of us how  to get
into every  complicated  in the lack  of intersportated . All against  Anta  well , then  you never  don't  account  that  was  enough  a tradio sking 
back  and  was , probably  remember . I want  to read  a part  of give  sense  you pursumany  an and  brown  treat 
and normal  understanding , I think  that'd  beneath  the lengthal  borders  of British  was  protens  at California 
Supe kind  was  happened  solve . And  even  if that  was  an appressive  crime , whether  This  had  and 
history  and  intellectually  connections  where  had  shelpe  problems  and  conclusional  actually  assume  about
movite , But not anally  an opportunity . In fact , Irendous  espophically  right  couple  of our losses , probist  we could  be
crept  from  the mouth  decency  we have  in children  when  we grant  five hundred  American   concern  that 
just waste  by walking  their  poser  presence . Yes .
[00:44:32.730]
You might  was  saying , what  you don't  want  to hind  to say that  about ?
[00:36:24.450]
I just  I mean , so he's  talking  about  that  just  he's  zose  right  at this  point , :01:47.100]
And I was  heping  I was  that  ourselves  with  me, it was  just  that  I was  understand  why  our favority  to do good . And  it's
that's that's  the case  that  we can't  actually  agree  with  that . And  even  if it was  like Gazzzanker , so where  we
come  to live a good  life outside  of yours  and  no on that  natural  has  about  that  bad naminy  or
predictive  has  opprewed  because  its really  vacline  has  been  happy  to think  of the businesses 
we ent him . A virusly  weighted  as far. It doesn't  like an
recognist  increalm  and  that  that's  going  to me back  off falligng  enaugh  well . I don't  know .
I've never  well  not enough  anything  about  the nature  of people's  very  life. And  I've had , you know , across  to a
back  agon , you know . But it's really  a bad  and  I's it's released . It's certainly nothing  behavior , you know , and I think  I am
not half  for my across . And  in fact , this  could  be what  I would  call seter . We need  the publicly 
list.
[00:37:09.810]
Well , that's  a very  good  snight . That's  not true . People  are going  to be in this . That's  actually 
notive  of merely  concern  even  have  when  I was  Greater . And  seem  to be concerned  fight  out any ear to people 
on more  hands  and  tremendous  reveal  eenterpance . So I get hope  we just  talking  people  and , you know , in
the communities  one  that  were  complaint . That  we need  to change  him  just  people  read  to the
give  an enormour  amount . So you know , the the bigge mest  of racist  have  conspired  the
biggest  effortlest , so but far we get beast  crime  as bad  as well  as you could  adve  because  you
give  the last  podcast , you can . For instantly  wated  to the DEHIng  to request  a fairly  amount  of
certainly  connected  with  trying  to get people . I'm not genuinely  noticed  the halls  occasions  are  now
w a genuine  working  around  trend  who  is more  of a slightly  problem  and  because  you just  replated 
to the left and  the right  hemisphere  where  you it becomes  to whether  you're  nearly  driving  or your
kids  yourself .[00:11:06.400]
You  you refrect  ive a time  that  far. And  you took  you overeload  yourself  as a part  of your  attention . You  know , you can  you can  and  havej  to go this  part  of your  thinking . You  know , it's like a very  race  five
person  who  you discovere  a protest  about  the way  and  it's happening  at the business , to me, the best  ever 
underly  universal  attention , so on those  equations  and  and  and  go with  near  daysmics , like even 
we've  been  met  transmissibility . Before  rate  a joke .
[00:23:21.990]
I mean , the I'm not I'm not pro cancer  when  I just  thought  this  is that  there's  a show  a more 
away  that  you're  noticing  it in a psychologically  bias . And  so I just  think  that's  funny  already . That's 
everyone  that's  funny , you let me say I've an I've offered  of landscape   or just  very  systems . And , you
know , there  is now  that  I would  expect  to what  it would  make  a disconcerting  rubrically  ring  into  hold  people  all of
understandables  here .[00:36:18.740]
We feel  like that , like that  don's , you know , the farme  of the skepticism  of it and  then  I hear  a system 
write  part  we've  been  seeing  from  the part  of this  podcast .
[00:38:01.210]
And I think  the most  stand  I think  this  bis called  Delicated  Wall  Trump  would  not helped  to do with 
mack  Aeth  whole  and  had  able  to make  things  without  any assume  thinking  about . Because  of
a possibility, I mean , so generally  those  barby  woy've  been  discovered  at masks  because  that  was 
happening  on the left. But afraid  that  were  secretly  pragming  in him-chelpfaristy  rather  of all of
the age  of the his
----------------------
Hyperparams: {'n_layer': 12, 'n_head': 12, 'n_embd': 768, 'block_size': 256, 'bias': False, 'vocab_size': 82, 'dropout': 0.0}Val loss: 1.351638674736023Trained at: 2023-07-22 17:56:03.904446+05:30
principle  because  you have  to address  to the tax black  cop  and  in which  the adres  were  so difficiently  and  we never  just  gets  passibly  close  to an
helping  part  of people  on the left when  we live noting  account  this  crime . We will fails  at this  fail
tyransmic  of all these  blacks  when  her organizations .
[00:55:28.190]
Personally , it's first  of all the lack  and  the right  front  that  a certain  protests  about  the world , something  like
a pandemic  part  and  saying  wants  revelating  this  way  until  and  accept , you know , many  moment  and  had 
been  a half  of truth  or even  had  more  even  worse . And  I don't  know  that . And  I think  I've decided  it like the
entire  position  as a I've been  seen  in the UK70s  and  Hong  Blank  when  many  Frankly .
[00:29:55.980]
And then  I've heard  on YouTube , there's  something  that  I've ever  had  her was , I think  one  source  of that . I've been  two 
People  able  to be said  open  as we'll  have  an an antum  right  hemisphere . And  I saw  it about  about  able 
to probably  set it at finance .
[00:06:16.810]
And this  isn't  just  a complete  complaince  that  any other  engage  and  bourse , you know , it's nothing .
[00:46:50.680]
More  on the best  porest  couple , you weren't  automating  history . You'll  grave  everything  from  putting 
people  in the room , here's  have  an actually  basis  for mind , that  well  it so very  are countering . What  a good 
like person  incredibly  care . You  know , that's  interestingly , right ? You'll  you not do a lot to say that  this  is
because , you know , there's  a really  barrick  at this  point  at the Capitol , which  even  a different 
production , as I tell publicly , but, let's  start  all ovid  all I can  talk  about  this . And  that's  fally 
more  you erescondisced , influlndare , conspiral  people  as well . In fact , you actually  you can't  listen to
have  dialogue  when  you said  something  like that's  happening  or the attention  events . We like a lot of
part of the edge  of all of our political  games . But there's  a tendency  to calc it, Andrew , we know  at
something  like Giving  10 percent  of the internal  peace  of certain  power  and  many  world  and 
suffering . And  we don't  see an ergange  time  eventually  episode  of reality  who  are avaging , which  serves 
happiness  at our reports  and  its because  even  how  things  we know  rather  than  many  fill some  notes  to about
what  we have  in way  even  cans  thinking . There  was  very  great  right  there . Problem  was  a prosour 

part of how  we don't  see it. You  know , but it's an inability  to be call  attempt  to have  accompating . Once 
you know , like you're  getting  to have  happening . It always  something  like that's  that's  the way  is
the place  where  it's offlice  in the 1000000  with  real  philosophy  at the 0950 . And  we have  been  a crime  of
family  and  the altersis  frequrrity  of being  very  incrumpating , including , sput  just  the fact  that 
thing  people  can  do get it. Then  you need  this  you're  now , you would  say thing  others  as you
pay attenting  to have  benefited  in much  bindown  that , you know , you can  have  done  it as functioning  about  other 
two  realisy  and  very  cleverance  apart  have  been  killed  by thrown , had  really  happen  and  creating 
analready  there , an operator  of engagins  that  white  people  say, I'm allowed  to recover  the opponitic .
[00:46:24.670]
I've talked  and  I've been  talking  about  him  and  he had  his his his has  catebology  involved  in the pack 
place  where  he is compatible  wasn't  and  increasingly  hisndred . His nered  essentially  subjective . This 
he has  committing  enurosced  and  the encourse  of LeBron  James  because  his historifically  wasn't  a process  that 
actually  collap .
[02:06:14.640]
And then  he I think  Trump  has  committed  a great  pretty  universities  his simply  want  out a 70 year  after  Biden
was a tradition  of being  leaders . And , you and  I actually  never  more  dangerous  than  me. It just 
it just  because  I think  in well , oh, what  do you noticed  it are to do that ? There  are swists  are
even  compotically  without  an effire  and  cops  right  not so that  there  is certainly  appraising  it. I'm
not really  I'm not exact . There  isn't  frankly  and  what's  happening  with  In the read . I've ever  heard  people 
reporters , because  they're  not be often  impearhable  for being  a system . There  are sense  on first 
that you are really  seen  because  something  like, much  like this  discussion , which  is even  a fire  row , and  yet another  or
burneaths  a, I mean , they  will make  their  brannge  and  they  bring  you buy with  people  and  you know , really  only  things  creative . One  I believe , like I
have  had a tens  of whole  started  at this  point . And  I think  that , well , you know , by ver
----------------------
